Original Question ::
As seen on The Five Police Group Boycotts Ben &amp; Jerry's After Black Lives Matter Endorsement As more women come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump, the Republican nominee is lashing out at the mainstream media, which he claims is running with this "total fiction" to distract from Hillary Clinton's scandals. At a rally in Greensboro, N.C., Trump said these accusations are part of a conspiracy involving the Clinton campaign and what he called “the corrupt media.” Greg Gutfeld agreed with much of Trump's assessment on "The Five" today, saying, "The media wants Hillary to win. There's no doubt about that." Judge Jeanine on Trump Accusers: 'All on One Day? It's a Little Too Convenient' Gutfeld explained that Trump has actually been "set up," as he was given countless hours of coverage and "billions of dollars of free media," only to have the rug pulled out from under him. "The media ... [and] Hillary and Obama, they knew elevating Donald Trump - giving him an air of respectability in the press, as well - turned him into the Republican nominee. Then, out came the knives." Watch the co-hosts of "The Five" discuss above, and let us know what you think in the comments. New WikiLeaks Bombshell: Clinton Aides Discussed 'Emails to and from POTUS'


Paraphrased Questions :: 
0: What happens when Donald Trump is indicted for having sex with women during a 2016 election?
1: Is the fact Donald Trump was set up to be the Republican candidate — the media never knew about him or his plan to run for office after the election?
2: As seen on The Five Police Group Boycotts Ben &amp; Jerry's After Black Lives Matter Endorsement As more women come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump, Trump is lashing out at the mainstream media, which he claims is running with this "total fiction" to distract from Hillary Clinton's scandals. Gutfeld said that Trump has actually been set up, as he was given countless hours of coverage and "billions of dollars of free media," only to have the rug pulled out
3: The Five Police Group Boycotts Ben &amp; Jerry's After Black Lives Matter Endorsement As more women come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump, the Republican nominee is lashing out at the mainstream media, which he claims is running with this "total fiction" to distract from Hillary Clinton's scandals.
4: For now, the president of the United States is blaming the public for blocking the Election of Donald Trump as he supports Black Lives Matter. In November and September of 2016, the president made the allegations against women, and on top of that, he called the media "contrarian" and "ininappropriate" for the sake of Donald Trump — and all of his haters — but it did not serve Trump, at least in the eyes of the mainstream media. In September, the president told the public that "
5: As seen on The Five Police Group Boycotts Ben &amp; Jerry's After Black Lives Matter Endorsement As more women come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump, the Republican nominee is lashing out at the mainstream media, which he says is running with this "total fiction" to distract from Hillary Clinton's scandals. At a rally in Greensboro, N.C., Trump said these accusations are part of a conspiracy involving Hillary Clinton and Obama, "they knew elevating Donald
6: At the rally in Greensboro, N.C., Trump: "In my mind, the media wants Hillary to win...And out came the knives." Be sure to watch both The Five's conversation with Matt Stuntz and Greg Gutfeld for more details.
7: As seen on The Five police group Boycotts Ben &amp; Jerry's After Black Lives Matter Endorsement As more women come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump, the Republican nominee is lashing out at the mainstream media, which he claims is running with this "total fiction" to distract from Hillary Clinton's scandals.
8: As seen on The Five Police Group Boycotts Ben &amp; Jerry's After Black Lives Matter Endorsement In fact, Trump has actually been set up, as he was given countless hours of coverage and billions of dollars of free media." Gutfeld explained that the Trump campaign is setting up a 'total fiction' campaign, which he believes would be “effective” to interfere with a Hillary Clinton campaign after the election win. But it is also doing it to impede Donald Trump's run.
9: As seen on The Five Police Group Boycotts Ben &amp; Jerry's After Black Lives Matter Endorsement As more women come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump, the Republican nominee is lashing out at the mainstream media, which he claims is running with this "total fiction" to distract from Hillary Clinton's scandals. "The media...they knew elevating Donald Trump - giving him an air of respectability in the press, as well - turned him into the Republican nominee, but out came
