{
  "responseHeader":{
    "zkConnected":null,
    "status":0,
    "QTime":0,
    "params":{
      "q":"{!lucene}*:*",
      "distrib":"false",
      "df":"text",
      "preferLocalShards":"false",
      "rows":"10",
      "echoParams":"all",
      "rid":"-49"}},
  "status":"OK"}

Saw 189 result(s).
{"url": "http://miss-s-b.dreamwidth.org/1327629.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701156627.12/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193916-00268-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "On September 1st an historic settlement was reached in California on the use of long - term isolation or solitary confinement . This win came after years of organizing in which AFSC staff were actively ... . Bonnie Kerness presented this talk at a vigil at the Metropolitan Correctional Center on May 4th , 2015 in New York City . - Lucy In the mid 80 's I received a letter from Ojore Lutalo who had just been ... . Note : Dominque Stevenson , director of AFSC 's Friend of a Friend program in Baltimore , and many other AFSC staff around the country have been very much involved in the # BlackLivesMatter movement since ... . The human experience is a beautifully complex one . In our 21st century lives , it seems that our online newspapers , twitter feeds , and emails are filled with stories of hate , injustice , oppression and ... . About Friends Relations . Lucy Duncan and Greg Elliott work together and with other AFSC staff to foster strong relationships between AFSC and Quakers . Lucy is AFSC 's Director of Friends Relations . She has been a storyteller for 20 years and has worked with Quaker meetings on telling stories for racial justice and of spiritual experience . She attends Green Street Friends Meeting ( PhYM ) and lives with her son and partner in a Quaker cemetery . Greg is the Friends Relations Associate . He grew attending North Branch Monthly Meeting in the Poconos of Northeastern Pennsylvania . Greg currently lives in the Germantown section of Philadelphia . Subscribe to our Newsletter . American Friends Service Committee . Who we are . AFSC is a Quaker organization devoted to service , development , and peace programs throughout the world . Our work is based on the belief in the worth of every person , and faith in the power of love to overcome violence and injustice . Read More . Newsroom . Where we work . AFSC has offices around the world . To see a complete list see the Where We Work page . U.S. Locations . International . Select an International Location Burundi Cambodia China El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Indonesia Israel Mexico Myanmar ( Burma ) North Korea Palestine Quaker United Nations Offices Somalia Syria Zimbabwe "}
{"url": "http://teachersol.blogspot.com/2006/12/patricia-polacco-exceptional-person.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701163438.83/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193923-00257-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "About . Every year RoAndCo sends out a Christmas gift to special clients , friends and collaborators . Having recently moved into a new studio space , we wa ... Read More . Every year RoAndCo sends out a Christmas gift to special clients , friends and collaborators . Having recently moved into a new studio space , we wanted to tie in our 2011 Christmas gift with our office warming party . Based on the theme of RoAndCordials , we collaborated with Morris Kitchen who provided us with beautifully bottled and equally delicious Ginger Syrup . We printed the bottle labels in the style of traditional medicine / cordial bottles , including Ginger Syrup cocktail recipes and Happy Holiday messages in the text . In honor of our new White Street office and the festive season , we decided on a White theme for our party - and nestled the bottles on white shredded paper in a white cardboard box . The party invites were letterpressed in the same style as the bottle labels , and placed on top of the bottles . To remind our guests to wear white , we stamped this message onto small white squares of fabric and placed on top of the invite . For a final touch , we printed addressable stickers that wrapped around the box , mimicking the invite and bottle label . Read Less . Comments . Basic Info . Every year RoAndCo sends out a Christmas gift to special clients , friends and collaborators . Having recently moved into a new studio space , we wanted to tie in our 2011 Christmas gift with our office warming party . Based on the theme of RoAndCordials , we collaborated with Morris Kitchen who provided us with beautifully bottled and equally delicious Ginger Syrup . We printed the bottle labels in the style of traditional medicine / cordial bottles , including Ginger Syrup cocktail recipes and Happy Holiday messages in the text . In honor of our new White Street office and the festive season , we decided on a White theme for our party - and nestled the bottles on white shredded paper in a white cardboard box . The party invites were letterpressed in the same style as the bottle labels , and placed on top of the bottles . To remind our guests to wear white , we stamped this message onto small white squares of fabric and placed on top of the invite . For a final touch , we printed addressable stickers that wrapped around the box , mimicking the invite and bottle label . Project by . About . Every year RoAndCo sends out a Christmas gift to special clients , friends and collaborators . Having recently moved into a new studio space , we wa ... Read More . Every year RoAndCo sends out a Christmas gift to special clients , friends and collaborators . Having recently moved into a new studio space , we wanted to tie in our 2011 Christmas gift with our office warming party . Based on the theme of RoAndCordials , we collaborated with Morris Kitchen who provided us with beautifully bottled and equally delicious Ginger Syrup . We printed the bottle labels in the style of traditional medicine / cordial bottles , including Ginger Syrup cocktail recipes and Happy Holiday messages in the text . In honor of our new White Street office and the festive season , we decided on a White theme for our party - and nestled the bottles on white shredded paper in a white cardboard box . The party invites were letterpressed in the same style as the bottle labels , and placed on top of the bottles . To remind our guests to wear white , we stamped this message onto small white squares of fabric and placed on top of the invite . For a final touch , we printed addressable stickers that wrapped around the box , mimicking the invite and bottle label . Read Less "}
{"url": "http://ribkadory.deviantart.com/art/Christmas-in-Arendelle-418633027", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162094.74/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00319-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Search . American Cancer Society Brooklyn 's 10th annual \" Making Strides Against Breast Cancer \" Walk . Add to Calendar 10/16/2011 10:00 AM 10/16/2011 1:00 PM America / New_York American Cancer Society Brooklyn 's 10th annual \" Making Strides Against Breast Cancer \" Walk MM / DD / YYYY NY STATE SENATE content@senate.state.ny.us . Join 30,000 of your fellow Brooklynites in Brooklyn 's largest fundraising walk and largest cancer event ! Number one breast cancer fundraiser in New York and New Jersey ! Making Strides is the largest breast cancer event in New York and New Jersey - raising more funds for the cause than any other organization in these two states-$18.3 million in 2010 ! How does it raise money ? Teams of walkers ask co - workers , family and friends to support them . Each walker tries to raise as much money as they can May through October . On the morning of the walk , each walker turns in their funds at registration , and then , led by survivors and dancing to music , the Walk begins at 11:00 am . Can I be a team leader ? Absolutely ! Anyone who wants to raise awareness and funds to fight breast cancer is welcome ! Please contact us right away to find out more information . How do I start a team ? The first step is contact us to learn more and attend the Kick - off . Then tell your co - workers , friends and family that you 're participating in Making Strides Against Breast Cancer in Brooklyn ! We 'll give you \" walk papers \" to record what people donate , and posters and notices to let your co - workers and neighbors know about your team . Call us for a kit filled with lots of team building and fundraising suggestions . Just like you , lots of people want to help . Ask , ask , ask ! Can I raise money for the walk on the Internet ? Yes ! We have a free , easy website where you can set up your own secure web page with a personal picture and your own comments . You can automatically send emails to co - workers , friends and family to let them know about your team - and automatically send them thank you 's when they donate . It 's an easy way to reach lots of people . Our new website for 2011 launches at the end of May. Feel free to check out our 2010 website in the meantime and we 'll let you know when the new and improved site is up and running . What 's the walk like ? Making Strides Against Breast Cancer is a non - competitive walk in Prospect Park on Sunday , October 16th . It 's fun and as lively or low - key as you want it to be . We 'll give you water and a snack after the walk . It 's really fun ! And actually short -- it 's all over by 1 pm . We 'd love to have you join us ! "}
{"url": "https://cenantua.wordpress.com/2013/09/25/with-lieutenant-rivers-on-point/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166570.91/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00344-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "I 've spent most of the past two days on pilgrimage with two friends at the Community of Many Names of God in Wales . This means I 've been up since 4:30 this morning and ( although I 'm now home ) it 's time for sleep . One of my friends also snored like a pig for the 6 hours immediately before we got up ( with apologies to all pigs for the comparison ) . The best thing about the pilgrimage was that everything was free ( if you do n't mind praying for your breakfast , lunch and dinner , of which there are many opportunities / obligations ) . Of course you can additionally give a donation but the lack of a visible merchandising department attached to the temple or any pressure to give a donation appears to be a refreshing religious innovation . They have three temples so there are some good evening and early morning walks up the hill and through the forest . One of the temples is outdoors and it was a rather bracing -2.5C at 9:30 this morning . Fortunately this was after breakfast . So it was pretty cold out in the Welsh countryside , but invigorating . The animals and birds seemed \" tame \" which is perhaps not surprising as the monks and nuns have taken Franciscan vows . In order to enter the temples you have to have refrained from eating meat for three days but if not you can wait on the porch and will still get a blessing at the end of the pooja . "}
{"url": "http://www.politechbot.com/2008/04/23/politicians-push-for/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148428.26/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00108-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Pages . Advent Calendar of Christmas Memories - Christmas Eve . How did you and your family spend Christmas Eve ? Did you attend church services , perhaps a children 's service with a pageant ? What about food - was there a special meal or did your family hold an open house so friends and family could stop by ? Share your memories of Christmas Eves gone by . We often attended church services on Christmas Eve , although sometimes we went on Christmas morning . When my sister and I were a little older , we attended Midnight Mass. The mass included singing of traditional favorites like O Holy Night and Ave Maria and the church was beautifully lit with candles . I also remember my sister and I looking out our bedroom window in the hopes of seeing Santa and his reindeer . Somehow , we always fell asleep before he came ! I do n't remember a specific meal for Christmas Eve . When we had relatives visiting , we sometimes repeated a Thanksgiving type of meal with turkey and the trimmings . Christmas Eve was usually more of a family affair , while our friends in the neighborhood stopped by on Christmas day or the day after . The picture above is of a very young me hanging up my stocking . The little Styrofoam tree on the center of the mantel was my parents ' first Christmas tree after they were married . It was displayed for many years until it finally fell apart , so it 's nice to have the picture . Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas ! The Advent Calendar of Christmas Memories ( ACCM ) allows you to share your family 's holiday history twenty - four different ways during December ! All articles on this blog are \u00a9 copyright 2014 by Kathryn Creeden - Posted at 2:20 PM "}
{"url": "http://thegenealogysearch.blogspot.com/2011/12/winter-memories-not-so-wordless.html?showComment=1323274217558", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701151880.99/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193911-00298-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Hi ! I 'm Ericka ! Recipe developer , food writer and bicultural mom . Born in Mexico , raised in Texas and now living in Los Angeles , CA . Nibbles and Feasts was created to preserve and share my favorite traditional family recipes and new recipes created by me . Chocolate - Dipped Meringue Christmas Cookies . The first time I ever experienced a snowfall was the winter I moved from Mexico to Texas . It was our first holiday season in the United States and the record - breaking snowfall made it that more special . I was eight years old and mesmerized by the falling flakes that accumulated on our front yard . I watched them one by one gracefully dance down to form a fluffy white blanket . Covering old lawn chairs and what was left of what the landlord said were geraniums on the flowerbed . We had no furniture , no decorations and no money but us kids did n't care . My brother and I danced , twirled as the snow fell and made our first snowman . My little sister , a toddler then , watched us from the window as she giggled and frosted the glass with her breath . That day , our next - door neighbors , an elderly couple , walked over with a large tray covered with a beautifully embroidered cloth napkin . They introduced themselves and uncovered the tray , revealing the most beautiful meringue cookies dipped in chocolate . I had no idea what these little peaks of delight were , but they made me feel welcomed . I love recreating those cookies for my family and friends . They symbolize so much to me and bring back so many great memories of our first Christmas in the U.S. . Whether it 's a personalized card or cookies right out of the oven , I love sharing the warmth of the holiday season with my family , friends and , of course , my readers ! Comment below and I 'll mail you a card featuring my favorite cookie recipe , and Cardstore will share a coupon code for 75 % off holiday cards so you can whip up a special batch of cards for the people you love . Just follow these simple steps : . Step 2 : When the registration box appears , complete the form . Step 3 : That 's it ! My recipe and a coupon code from Cardstore will be sent to you by mail . This is a sponsored conversation written by me on behalf of Cardstore . The opinions and text are all mine . "}
{"url": "http://archive.org/details/RuthHillman09apr2012YiddishBookCenter?start=749.5", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701153998.27/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193913-00299-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "We 've been looking forward to the multi - day canoeing trip in Scotland with our friends Paul and Lisa for ages . We 'd planned the trip back in February and this past weekend we finally set off on our new adventure . Calendar . Countries . "}
{"url": "http://www.scotusblog.com/2013/05/solicitor-general-files-invitation-briefs-for-june-6-conference/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+scotusblog%2FpFXs+%28SCOTUSblog%29", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166650.78/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00276-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "I mailed a card the other day - I hope it reached you . I hope you and your family enjoy taking the time to read it and continue to live and love . You are amazing and beautiful , and I 'm so glad you have opened yourself up to the world . You have touched me and reaffirmed how important living every moment and donating your life and love and body are , throughout and at the end of life . I am so happy that you have the opportunity to come to terms with everything . More than your friends and family will cherish your memory . You have made yourself immortal in spirit , and left a beautiful print on the world . I only hope that we will all remember to hold that beauty close for the rest of our lives . You are more brave , more beautiful , more LOVING than anyone I know , Eva . We lovelovelovelove you right back . Thank you for including us in your love and life . You have made us ALL better without a doubt . Lovelovelove to you and your loving family . I am thinking of you all . I am a very close friend of Kina 's ... I watch your blogs and your videos ... If I could I 'd give you one of my lungs ... I wish I could see you face to face and help in some way ... . I wanted to do a walk for CF with the military sponsoring . I 'm a Soldier for the 81st Brigade in Washington State just back from a deployment from Iraq . I wish I could have known you more ... I cry wishing there was something I could do . Please ... smile . Love as much as you can ... and never forget that love you have around you ... . I love you . I love you . I love you I love you I love you . I may not have ever met you or spoken to you ... but you are one of the most beautiful people I have ever known . No matter what happens in the next few days ... you'll still be here . We have your words and we will always ... ALWAYS ... have your love , you beautiful huge - hearted woman . And you have my love . Bucketloads of it . Feel it ? Right now . It 's there with you . We will keep fighting this monster . A CURE WILL BE FOUND . I truly believe that someday , no one else will have to go through what you have gone through . Hold on if you can ... but if it 's too much ... find your peace . You are an inspiration and a guiding light . And your words ... YOUR WORDS WILL LIVE FOREVER . Forever , Eva . You are the only individual with CF close to my age i 've ever met face to face ( besides myself ... if one can meet oneself ... ) . I had heard about you online , and was aware of your blog prior to GearUp , had seen your fundraising video for your Dad , and followed your transplant story . I was so nervous before meeting you , and I think I told you something along those lines when we met at the pre - ride dinner before day 1 of the ride . I also think I said I did n't think I could have gone through what you had gone through up to that point , and was amazed by you . I am still amazed by you . The grace you have shown over the last few years has been incredible to witness . You have replaced my fears of the end stages of CF with incredible hope . Hope for peace , hope for love , and the hope that if necessary , I could show the same openness and grace to make the most of what I have been given that you have shown the world . Dear Eva , I am so sad that time has not been on your side . There were so many of us sending prayers for you , but please know that you have made such an impact on those of us who will never meet you . Thank you for sharing yourself with all of us . I know that you started your life journal as a way to connect with others with CF but you have touched so many . There are so many people around the world who know you and know your message of love , kindness , friendship , courage , inspiration and the importance of organ donation . You have truly lived your life to the fullest , and I know just looking at your photos and your past posts on your blog that not a minute was ever wasted . I smile when I think of your Christmas caroling and wish I had had the chance to share with you the video of my 5 month old daughter Abby singing along . I know we have never met , but I find myself referring to you as my friend Eva ... I will always feel that you are my friend . Rest now my friend . It has been a long journey and a huge battle and you have truly been a warrior . Know that you are surrounded by the love of not only your family and friends who are with you , but all of us out here who are thinking of you tonight . We love you Eva and will never forget you . Your life although short will be a life long remembered ... . xoxoxoxo Robyn and Abby . p.s If any of you blog friends are reading this , as a tribute to Eva , please sign your organ donor card . You are an amazing person , Eva , stronger and more beautiful than I could ever hope to be . You have truly touched my life since I started reading this blog last fall , and I have been praying for you and your wonderful family . You have made me see just how precious every moment , every tiny thing in life is , and how not to take any of it for granted . You have helped me become a better person with a better perspective on life . I will be registering as an organ donor . I had registered as such on my learner 's permit years ago , which has since expired , so I want to be sure I 'm registered again . You will live on , we will make sure of that . Even my grandchildren will know about you . I hope this does n't sound weird or creepy , but for a while now I 'd been considering giving my future daughter your name . Thank you ... for being one of the most beautiful and amazing human beings in this world . Most of us have never met you , but we love you dearly . Sending my love to you and your family as always . My heart is just breaking , and the tears are flowing . I feel like I am losing a great friend that I have known for years . I 'm so sorry if we were never enough , if we never inspired you , or pushed you , or motivated you to fight more . I feel like I have failed you somehow . I love you more than you will ever know . You have touched me , and inspired , and motivated me , and I promise I will do what I can to keep your message alive . I 've already gotten my Fiance to sign an organ donor card and I promise I will educate as many people as I can about this . Thank you for everything . Words can not even explain how you have touched so many of us . Hi my name is Kaelyn . I m a friend of Rachels through Delta Gamma and started following your blog a while back and always just felt weird saying anything , but like everyone I feel a very strong connection to you . And wanted you to know I was here thinking of you . By only seeing the first screenshot from this video , I already knew what this was about and I dreaded confirming my worst fears . I only knew you because of Meg . She 's always said the most wonderful things about you and I 'm very sad for the fact that I will never get a chance to meet such a beautiful person that Meg spoke often of . You 're forever in my heart and never far from thought . I hope your last days continue with love and memories . I promise you , Eva , you left an impact on my heart and in my life , and I know for a fact that I can speak for others when I say you 've left so much in this world . It 'll be impossible to forget you . I would n't even dream of trying . May you find peace as your time ends . I love you for everything you are . You are inspiring , beautiful , and one hell of a human being . I know your parents are ridiculously proud and grateful to have you in their lives . My love to you , your family and friends . I 'll try not to cry in mourning , but celebrate your life by honoring you and a promise to get your documentary out and for the world to one day not have to mourn another young life lost to CF . . I wrote a long and deep comment that somehow got eaten up in cyberspace . It made me realize I needed to keep it simple . You are loved Eva . By so many people who have never met you . You have given that love to us in return . We are the lucky ones to know you . To know all your stories , including your pain . You have been brave and you have been scared . But most of all you have been loved . You always will be . Always . I am sending you and your family my love and a hope for peace in the days ahead . My heart is heavy but it is also full . Thank you for that . Love , Debbie A. . LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE right back at you ! You are so amazing ! Thank you for being so open and honest all the time . I have learned so much from you over the past few months even though we have n't ever met . To love . Family , friends , love . I am sending you tons of love and gratitude from the Yukon . Olivia . I can feel something like a halo around your face that you are so very very tired . I love you Eva , and I would be telling the worlds biggest lie if I said that I my heart is n't breaking to be a part of this . What courage ! What bravery ! What strength ! Never have I seen such strength as yours . I can never thank you enough for welcoming me to be a part of such a rich life such as yours . Your family if the epitome of love and tenderness , and you , Eva , are the picture of grace , love and beauty . Be fearless my friend ; you are alive forever . Agathe . Eva , You are the most amazing person I have ever met . Without you , I would have ended my battle long ago . You are the reason I am here today , you are the reason I never took my own life . You are the reason I will always continue to fight . Because of you , I have learned to live . I 've learned how to have adventures , how to be open to life . No matter what , you will always be in my life . Every chance I take , and every adventure I have , I am able to enjoy because of you . You have saved my life . You have changed my life forever . My hair will soon be red , so I will never be able to hide in the shadows . I 'm going to live . For us , for you , for all the fighters . I love you , I always will . I will always think of you as being the best friend I ever had . You have been the person I could bare my soul to . Your spirit will always be alive , your light will always shine . I love you , thank you for giving me my life . Always , Amanda . If I can ever experience a fraction of the love you have in my lifetime , I will consider myself lucky . You are amazing , and you have taught us all so much about living life to the fullest and loving life to the fullest . Ewa and family , I send my love to all of you . You are all amazing spirits and I am so happy I got a chance to know Ewa these past few months . Ewa , when you make it to heaven make sure that you dance and sing and run and have the most amazing time every single moment up there . I am not sad because I know that you will be in heaven having a ball and I hope that your family and friends can remember that in their saddest moments that you will be forever and that you will always be with them . Enjoy your last days with your friends and family , give and receive many hugs and kisses and just remember that you can all continue to talk even after you 're gone , even if the answers are n't so loud as they were in the past . I am happy for you to go to heaven . You WILL be missed immensely even by us here on LJ , but we will celebrate the fact that we know you 're up there dancing to your heart 's content . Eva , You have LOVED much , and you are much LOVED ! Your amazing strength , tenasity , and the ability to LIVE life is such an inspiration to everyone to has the blessing to know you . Your beautiful heart has shared so much when you needed so much yourself . Your love for everyone is so endless and unconditional , just shows us how beautiful you are inside and out . I wish you peace , love , and blessing on your next journey . You will always be remebered and I will smile everytime I think of you and your LOVE . Eva ... I ca n't find the words . All i can say is that i love you in my own little way . I hate that I 've been so far away and have n't been on your side of the country more to try an pay cab drivers with cheeseburgers with you . :) You are such an amazing person , with an amazing soul and I cherish everyday our amazing summer together . This all feel like empty words compared to what I feel right now , but it 's better then nothing right ? I 'm so glad we got to hang out for hot docs and that we partied like the Core members we are . Big hugs to you and the amazing Markvoort Clan . I wish that there was more that I could say , more that I could do . I 've known you for only a short time , but it feels like much longer . Know that there is so much love coming to you from out here in the great beyond of the internet . I know it sounds cheesy , but it 's true - it is so clear how many lives you have touched , how many people you have reached with your spirit , your energy , your dedication and hope and love . Watching you carol at Christmas was wonderful , not something I 'll soon forget . I am glad that you are in the arms of your family and friends , that they are there to hold you close and ease things as much as possible for you . Please rest and let them take your worries away . "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/TheOfficeBlog?page=4", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148558.5/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00106-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Watching My Youngest Grow Up . My baby is four years old , he is in pre - k and is making lots of friends . K - man has grown from the nickname Baby - K to Monster - K in a short year because he will no longer allow anyone to call him the baby in the family . I keep explaining that he is my baby and he is the baby of the family but the term baby apparently is unacceptable to him . I love watching as he takes strides in being independent and taking to be his own little unique person , always the comedian in the family , he allows us to laugh when things get a little hectic around here . Doing such things as rolling down his car window to ask a passing by jogger \" what 's the big rush \" and modeling for various pictures , begging me to get my phone camera out to take a picture . K - man is a bit into himself and around this home he usually is all about him , rarely caring or taking kindly to his siblings wants or needs . It 's all about K - man these days and I do n't know if that is normal for a four year old but man I hope it 's just a phase because having a confident child is great but bordering arrogance is another story altogether . This past weekend K - man had a girl from his class over because her Mom and her attended my pizza party event . Later on that day , when I ventured downstairs to the kids cave , I noticed that the basement was rather clean . Do not get me wrong , it was a still a kids cave area by far , but there was a certain organization about it . The K - man asks me if I think it 's clean and I said to him that it does look pretty clean , did they all clean when the adults were upstairs mingling over pizza and Dr. Pepper ? I started laughing so hard ! My little man is already taking orders from a little girl , and he is only four . What am I going to have on my hands when this cute little boy is a teen ? Brandy is a NH Mama who desires to share her stories as a means to inspire others to live life fully , learn from their mistakes and move forward . When Brandy is n't rambling , she is off on adventures to experience life to the fullest in New England . Author , with her daughter , of Positive Girl - The Power of Your Thoughts Question about this post or something found within it ? Read my Disclosure Policy as well as Terms of Use . Connect With Me . Friends . Best Travel Deals . Giveaway Alerts . Free Coupons . Hosting Done Right . Positive Girls . TenderedApp . Member . Button ? "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Forums/Coffeehouse/251806-Shock-Bzzzzt/a17b05f8ed0241ed8da49dec0050bcce", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166739.77/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00062-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Moonrise Over Bocce Court in Bloomfield . As I an writing this post I think that it is almost two years that I started the blog . And when I checked the stats I see that the first post was 7 - 14 - 09 . Two years and a day . Happy Blog - aversary . Thanks to all the readers who have followed my blog , written comments on the blog , written nice emails to me or told me about which photo they enjoyed seeing . And to the friends of friends who have shared the posts and photographs , whom I have met only online , I appreciate your good feedback , too . SO here is the today 's post- . Stephanie cuts my hair . She asked me how the photography was going . I told her how I photograph and post a photo of the day on the blog . ( Today is the # 658 post . ) She told Jack , her husband and he looked at my photos online and invited me down Thursday night when he plays Bocce . Here is his website . It was a perfect summer evening and the men were gracious , allowing me to photograph the games . Tried to be unobtrusive and hung there for over two hours . One gentleman is 97 years old ! I sat on a bench at the end of the court for a time , shooting intermittently . A little conversation here and there . And there was the moonrise over the bocce court . Although I was invited to the mid - season party at the Pleasure Bar on Tuesday , I already have plans with the grandchildren .... but I got to hear the menu ! Mmmmmm . I am really missing out . Fortunately there is an end of season party in the fall ! Thanks Jack and to the Bocce League , playing under the cars passing over the Bloomfield Bridge on a summer night . 16 responses . a Bocce court in Bloomfield , under the bridge ! Who knew ? Happy un- Bastille Day ! They play a lot of Bocce in France , with a french name like les boules ? I think it IS a guys game and gathering , traditionally . You know , \" TRADITION ! \" Great post - I've known Jack and his family for years . Be sure to check out his website too ! Bocce is a great sport , is n't it ? My family plays at picnics every summer , and my parents are both in a summer league . And congrats to you Ruth for your commitment and dedication to keeping your blog running for this long . I know many others who 'll start a blog and quit after several weeks ! Happy anniversary , Ruth . Just love your daily posts - keep them coming ! This is a great one - one more example of the diversity and traditions of Pittsburgh - thank you for seeking them out and letting us all enjoy and marvel . Janice . Happy blog anniversary also ! This photo reminds me of all the bocce fields in Europe . This must be a new thing for Pittsburgh because I never remember seeing bocce being played there when I was a youngster . Categories . "}
{"url": "http://www.climbing.co.za/w/index.php?title=Spitzkoppe_%2526_Pontoks&diff=prev&oldid=931", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148758.73/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00054-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Obama : Fair taxes on the rich will pay for jobs . President Obama today called for using $ 1.5 trillion in new tax revenue raised from the wealthy to pay for the American Jobs Act he proposed last week . In his speech at the White House this morning he said it was the duty of lawmakers to focus first and foremost on job creation and he said it was the job of Congress to carry this out . Obama said the proposals he laid out today would ensure that the extremely wealthy pay their fair share toward fixing the economy . He said he was applying the \" Buffet Rule , \" named for the billionaire investor Warren Buffet who has stated that people such as himself should be taxed at a much higher level than they are now . \" While the poor and the middle class fight for us in Afghanistan , and while most Americans struggle to make ends meet , we mega - rich continue to get our extraordinary tax breaks , \" wrote Buffet in a New York Times column Aug. 14 . \" Some of us are investment managers who earn billions from our daily labors but are allowed to classify our income as earned interest , thereby getting a bargain 15 percent tax rate . Others own stock index futures for 10 minutes and have 60 percent of their gain taxed at only 15 percent , as if they 'd been long - term investors . \" These and other blessings are showered on us by legislators in Washington who feel compelled to protect us , \" Buffet wrote , \" much as if we were spotted owls or some other endangered species . It 's nice to have friends in high places . \" Buffet went on to say that millionaires and billionaires pay a much lower percentage of tax on their wealth than do the vast majority of working people . In his speech today the President also proposed savings of $ 1 trillion from the withdrawal of troops from Iraq and Afghanistan , money , which the labor movement and its allies have said should be used to avoid any cuts in Medicare or Medicaid . In his speech Obama added , Social Security does not contribute \" one dime \" to the deficit and that Social Security benefits should not be cut . The President vowed to veto any bill that cut Medicare benefits without raising revenue through fairer taxes on the rich . He insisted , repeatedly , that any plan to tackle the deficit had to include more taxes on the super wealthy . \" It is wrong that in the United States of America that a teacher or construction worker making $ 50,000 should pay more than someone who makes 50 million , \" Obama declared . \" My friends and I have been coddled long enough by a billionaire - friendly Congress , \" Buffet wrote on Aug. 14 . The plan the president announced today would repeal the Bush - era tax rates for couples making more than $ 250,000 , limit deductions for the wealthiest and end certain corporate loopholes and subsidies for oil and gas companies . Photo : PW file . "}
{"url": "http://glutenfreebay.blogspot.com/2008/12/gluten-free-chanukah-recipe-roundup.html?showComment=1229908380000", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701152982.47/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193912-00177-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Articles tagged with : Spinxx . Hosted by \" Spinxx \" , Verbal Slick is an entertainment and arts multimedia event that stimulates and challenges both the mind and senses . Fahamu Pecou & Ed Garnes host closing celebration for Rising Sons Lounge , a thriving art studio / community center , featuring Kwanza Hall ( Atlanta City Council Commissioner District 2 ) , Clyde Anderson ( Financial Lifestyle Coach / CNN Contributor ) , and Spinxx ( Founder , Verbal Slick ) . Hosted by SPINXX FEB 19th 8 pm featuring artist seen on HBO / MTV / BET / CNN . Hollalujah : A Comedy Experience ( Clean Show ) . Bring the Family and Friends . Friday , December 17 , 2010 . Featuring : BET Lyric Caf\u00e9 Poet Spinxx , Saxophonist Ron James , Comedian Stephon and SPECIAL Invited Guests ! ! "}
{"url": "http://www.learningandteaching.info/teaching/layout.htm", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454702032759.79/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195352-00141-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "E progressed from his cool Razor scooter to riding his bike without training wheels by August ! So proud of him for being so determined . Now we 're on to look mom , one hand , no hands , no feet ... and this is just the beginning ! Another highlight of summer , some pool time ! Thanks to Tia Irene and Tio Greg for inviting us over , our boys love the water , and Ethan made some serious progress this summer with his swim lessons . He can swim underwater ! ! Summer birthdays are super fun , Ethan woke on his actual birthday to open gifts from mom , dad , and his brothers ... a new helmet , skateboard , roller skates , Wii game , and remote control air plane . Then we moved it on out to spend an entire day at Great America opening up the park and shutting it down with a funnel cake birthday cake , complete with a smuggled in candle for E. It was such a full , amazing day ! ! ! We are so proud of you E and had the absolute most incredible day with you sweetheart ! ! Thank you for being so fun - loving , sweet , wonderful , we are so blessed to be your parents ! ! ! We have had quite the summer and early fall . While I have missed blogging , I wanted to soak in absorb every moment of this summer with my boys . Last summer was spent in a bed for me , so it was so worth it to just focus on and live it ! ! Our summer began with Ethan 's 5th birthday and ended with Aiden , Beckham , Liam , and Griffin turning the big 1 ! ! What amazing memories we made ! Ethan Turns 5 ! Ethan 's fifth birthday turned out to be a couple days before the much anticipated ( at least in this household ) Toy Story 3 , 3D was released . We do birthdays big since we do n't do trips , vacation , dinners out , big purchases , etc . , so birthdays are our thing for now at least . We celebrated with a 3D IMAX party for Ethan and his friends and it was just such a fun , memorable day ! Ethan 's party cakes ! The popcorn cupcakes were just too cool and we thought they were really fun to make too . ONE BLESSED MAMA . That 's me ... one blessed mama to the 5 sweetest and most handsome BOYS ( a 5-year - old and 18-month old quadruplets ) . yes 5 boys 5 and under ( I only get to say that for a few more months ! ) Wife to the man God made just for me ( and me for him ) . God gifted us these five little men and I rely on him always through this journey . I hold hands and hearts , create home , and through His grace , my will , and my family 's love , I live for and in this moment . TAKE HEART WORDS . People are often unreasonable , illogical , and self - centered ; Forgive them anyway . If you are kind , People may accuse you of selfish , ulterior motives ; Be kind anyway . If you are successful , you will win some false friends and some true enemies ; Succeed anyway . If you are honest and frank , people may cheat you ; Be honest and frank anyway . What you spend years building , someone could destroy overnight ; Build anyway . If you find serenity and happiness , they may be jealous ; Be happy anyway . The good you do today , people will often forget tomorrow ; Do good anyway . Give the world the best you have , and it may never be enough ; Give the world the best you 've got anyway . You see , in the final analysis , it is between you and God ; It was never between you and them anyway - Mother Theresa "}
{"url": "http://the2womancrusade.com/2012/05/23/autocomplete/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701158130.6/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193918-00062-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Happy Holiday Greetings ! Just made it in time to wish everyone a Happy New Year ! Although it 's technically a few days away still from New Year , but everyone 's already in a holiday mood , and before we know it , Christmas is already over ! What I like best about the year end holidays is that both Christmas and New Year is so close together , that we are constantly in that holiday mood for that entire week , and have more time to be with our family and loved ones . I do n't really have new year resolutions , but one which I really want to achieve is to provide great valuable miniature contents on this blog in the next year , so this is something I will work hard in the next year ! I was experimenting with the miniature profiteroles I made a while ago , when I thought , what if I made them into a wearable ring ? So I did just that , and started decorating it . Then I decided to add in a rose , and made use of the fuchsia gerbera daisies . I thought it was a perfect combination ! Every year , I try to come up with a new christmas miniature art piece . The idea of a 1:12 scale christmas train came up 2 years ago , but back then , for several reasons , I did not have the chance to attempt it . The reasons include not having enough time , not having the skills ! ( it is true ) , and I just have not figured out how to go about realizing it . I started working on this design mid July this year . 2 years ago , I started my research on gingerbread christmas trains . Just go to Google and you will find many images of the real gingerbread christmas trains . I did another research again this year , and spent some time looking at images and figuring out how to adapt it into a 1:12 scale miniature piece . At the same time for me , it 's also about injecting my personal style through the art piece . There were many considerations , but first I had to come up with a design . Some people prefer drawing various designs on a sketch book . I work a different way though . I dive right in . Nothing beats just getting down and experimenting it . Because there was n't a miniature \" template \" to begin with , I just create it from scratch , based on the image of my ideal miniature train in mind . What you see in the photo below is the result of my first piece . The only changes I did was the decoration of the train . After I assembled the train , I sent several photos to a few friends showing them my new design , and I spent more time finalizing the decorations . I changed several things along the way and am pleased with the final result ! This is now being offered as a Christmas workshop to all who are interested to learn to make this unique 1:12 scale miniature Christmas Train art piece . Impress your family and friends with a realistic hand created miniature art work of your own ! This workshop will be made available all year round , so even if you ca n't complete it by this Christmas , there 's always Christmas next year ! :D . But I just wanted to let you know that I 'm offering FREE SHIPPING on selected items on my etsy store ! Check out the flowers and cupcakes ! Take advantage of this to combine shipping with other products on my store too ! This offer is valid till 18 Dec 2010 . Also , I will be listing some fine , handpicked 1:12 scale miniature treasures on my own website . Check them out ! "}
{"url": "http://collections.mun.ca/cdm/search/collection/ich_nature/searchterm/floor!2011-07-06/field/all!date/mode/any!all/conn/and!and/cosuppress/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701161942.67/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193921-00340-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "// February 27 , 2013 . Volume XIV of \" Best on DA \" is full of outstanding cosplay from around the world via our DA group members ... it 's becoming harder and harder for us to choose the best submissions . For more amazing pictures please visit our DA group / folders and for submissions on this section / column , become a member . On Tumblr . Cosplay the series . Become a fan on Facebook . Friends . Cosplay Gen is an independent magazine distributed worldwide , entirely dedicated to the extensive phenomenon represented by cosplay , intending to promote cosplayers from around the world , cosplay events and Japan fashion as a whole . ( CC BY - NC - ND 4.0 ) 2010 - 2015 Nerdilicious GmbH and/or its affiliates . Copyrights of all the materials used on this website are the property of their respective owners . "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Forums/Coffeehouse/The-Surface-is-amazing/0208d3e8dbcb4fb38ef5a10401773c2b", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148475.34/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00004-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "2 Responses to \" Uh , who likes candy ? \" My \" system \" for avoiding is to eat quite a bit until I could almost retch just looking at a candy bar . That aversion lasts for a few months . Our neighborhood kids favor the gummy eyeballs , or anything revolting looking , really . Adtastic ! Woulda Coulda Search . Things I Might Once Have Said . Categories . Categories Select Category About Aspi(e)rations / AD(D)orations Books Detritus Dungeons & Dragons & Diabetes Forget talk ; walk the walk ! Friends Growing Have n't been hit by lightning yet ! Health is overrated I 'm dating the television Irreconcilable Differences It 's not a regret , it 's an \" experience \" Job ? Huh ? My name is Grumplestiltskin Offspring : ecstasy and agony Oh look ! Something furry ! ! Ottomatic For the People Retail Therapy The Year of Living Changerously Uncategorized What do I do all day ? Woohoo ! "}
{"url": "https://themostboringblogintheworld.wordpress.com/2006/07/12/the-latest-zidane-giftasticness/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701165484.60/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193925-00178-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "// August 26 , 2011 . The Singapore Toy , Game & Comic Convention , or STGCC for short , is an event that takes place anually in Singapore . This year 's STGCC took place at the Suntec Convention Centre during August 20 and August 21 . It 's an event aimed at pop - culture enthusiasts and it combines the best of the East and West , bringing together , comics , toys , games , artists etc . . On Tumblr . Cosplay the series . Become a fan on Facebook . Friends . Cosplay Gen is an independent magazine distributed worldwide , entirely dedicated to the extensive phenomenon represented by cosplay , intending to promote cosplayers from around the world , cosplay events and Japan fashion as a whole . ( CC BY - NC - ND 4.0 ) 2010 - 2015 Nerdilicious GmbH and/or its affiliates . Copyrights of all the materials used on this website are the property of their respective owners . "}
{"url": "http://www.the-environmentalist.org/2009_01_01_archive.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701165484.60/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193925-00185-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "I Know I 'm Not Alone film showing . I Know I 'm Not Alone film showing . \" Music has the power to bring people together like no other art form . \" Film synopsis : \" A compelling soundtrack , visual and musical montages and Franti 's intimate voiceovers make the film speak to the MTV , X , Y & Z generations , as well as the baby - boomers . Subscribe to our Newsletter . American Friends Service Committee . Who we are . AFSC is a Quaker organization devoted to service , development , and peace programs throughout the world . Our work is based on the belief in the worth of every person , and faith in the power of love to overcome violence and injustice . Read More . Newsroom . Where we work . AFSC has offices around the world . To see a complete list see the Where We Work page . U.S. Locations . International . Select an International Location Burundi Cambodia China El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Indonesia Israel Mexico Myanmar ( Burma ) North Korea Palestine Quaker United Nations Offices Somalia Syria Zimbabwe "}
{"url": "http://www.directorsnotes.com/2011/01/04/dn-2010-year-in-review/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454702018134.95/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195338-00076-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Letters . Northern omission How can the NI run 20 pages on slavery ( The Burden of Slavery , NI 337 ) yet not find room to name and shame a single Northern perpetrator , other than a few cursory references ? A stroll into Barcelona 's more affluent suburbs reveals a sea of Chilean , Peruvian and Filipino faces , slave women forced to work as domestic servants and child carers to middle - class residents . Quest for truth Congratulations to Maggie Black for bringing out the poignant story of the people of Narmada Valley ( NI 336 ) . I write this to bring to your notice the misinterpretation of the word Satyagraha . Satyagraha is not ' sit - in ' ( Article : They only ' Hold pen ' ) . Mahatma Gandhi who first coined the term and used it so beautifully and powerfully has said ' Satya means truth and Satyagraha is literally holding on to truth and therefore is truth - force . Since truth is soul or spirit , satyagraha is also soul - force . Satyagraha is a relentless search for truth and a determination to reach truth . Satyagraha excludes the use of violence in any shape or form , whether in thought , speech or deed . There can be no satyagraha in an unjust cause . Satyagraha is utter self - effacement , greatest humility , greatest patience and brightest faith . It is its own reward . Satyagraha is gentle , it never wounds . It is the direct opposite of compulsion and conceived as a complete substitute for violence . ' Symbolic persuasion As an ex - Fiji MP where the environment is being ravaged even as I write , I was deeply touched by the courage and simplicity of Medha Patkar ( Do or die : Narmada , NI 336 ) . I suggest her followers name her Dam - Mata Medha . Mata is Hindi for Mother . Such actions repeated in rivers and streams all over India would send a powerful message to the rest of the country . Disruptive dams Maggie Black , introducing the Narmada issue ( NI 336 ) claims not to have a general opinion about dams , only opinions relating to the relative merits of specific areas and projects . I would be interested to know if she can name one dam in which vast areas have not been flooded , displacing human communities and/or thousands of species of wildlife already threatened by modernization and development , and disrupting natural water systems above and below the dam . There are many other less wasteful methods of storing water and generating electricity . Many of the current floods passed off in the press as natural disasters are the direct result of dams further up bursting or being deliberately opened after heavy rain , causing the sudden and catastrophic devastation we now see regularly . Mozambique and , as I write , Orissa in India are just two examples where global warming has caused heavy rains , and the breach of dams has caused floods hundreds of miles away in low - lying areas . Short - term operators , including governments , lean toward the former . They fail to appreciate that the economy is a subset of society , which is a subset of the environment . Australia 's Fitzroy Basin , in Central Queensland , has also been embroiled in a debate about big dams . In 1999 the Queensland Environment and Natural Resources Minister ignored the advice given by government - appointed scientific and community advisory panels , when he and his cabinet colleagues gave the green light to let a foreign company build Nathan Dam and control public water . The proposed Nathan Dam would degrade water quality by reducing environmental flows and greatly increase the likelihood of salinity problems . Yet despite broad opposition across the Fitzroy Basin to the proposed Nathan Dam , the Deputy Prime Minister now wants to subsidize its development , making a farce of his Federal Government 's $ 1.4-billion National Action Plan on Salinity and Water Quality . The damming of Narmada epitomizes the conflicting development paradigms that presently divide humanity . The purpose of our public institutions is to serve our collective interests ; yet many , including myself , would argue that the institutions themselves have become part of the problem . By reinventing our public institutions we could help to bridge the divide between a healthy economy and a healthy social and physical environment . Governments need to stop saying ' we are listening ' and begin to act with integrity and vision . GM stir 1 Nick Collet 's letter about Genetic Modification ( NI 337 ) displays the ignorance typical of those who argue blindly in its favour . Genetic modification should not be confused with the selective breeding that humans have practised since the earliest development of agriculture - a process in which nature is always the final arbiter . GM takes genes from entirely different species and forces their conjunction , using viruses to carry genetic materials between them ( eg genes from flounders implanted in tomatoes ) , and then employing antibiotics to track their progress . Nature has no say here and monsters are created . The evidence of allergic reaction to newly created proteins - there have been many deaths - the accidental creation of potentially fatal new viruses and other GM failures over the last 20 years is overwhelming . The only geneticists who argue in favour of GM are either employed by the industry or receive their funding directly or indirectly from it . Peter May St C\u00e9r\u00e9 , France . 2 It was disturbing to read Mr Collet 's comments about the wonders of GM food , quoting the need for vitamin - A - enhanced rice to prevent blindness in the populations of developing countries . We really must get back to the question of why these people are so poor as to be malnourished in the first place . Biotech ' consumables ' - in line with most Western problem - solving strategies - only tackle symptoms rather than causes . As for GM being a more precise form of selective breeding - well ! Crossing two breeds of potato to yield a better spud is not quite the same as splicing human / fish / rat / primate DNA into fruit , vegetables , rice etc and then marketing the results as an economic cure for blindness caused by poverty . Or am I missing the point ? Steve Hutton ( Green Party ) Todmorden , England . 3 The use of genetic modification commercially - for example , sterile cereals being sold to the poorest farmers , requiring repeated purchase - I find completely immoral . Mr Collet is not disagreeing that ' nasty corporations ( are ) making money ' but I contend that there are readily available cheap foods providing vitamin A without the need for genetic modification to provide this . Diane Collins Bracknell , England . Calling NI readers - give us your dreams Ever get the feeling that the ills of the world are frustratingly familiar , but the cures vague and out of reach ? Ever dreamed of a world where corporations no longer intrude into every aspect of our lives ? Where democracy means more than a periodic vote for self - serving politicians ? The NI is putting together a bumper issue on what winning would look like and would like to hear your visions and ideas about what could put our world on the road to recovery . From practical suggestions to utopian grand schemes , let us know what you think would make a difference and how you think change could be set in action . Send your letters to [ email protected ] or by post to our editorial offices . We hope to publish a selection of your views . Flight or fight Reem Haddad 's friends are taking wing while poor farmers are resorting to desperate measures . I saw my friend to the airport the other day and watched wistfully as she and her husband checked in their many pieces of luggage . I felt numb and had nothing to say except to wish her well in her new life abroad . This was n't the first friend that I had found myself bidding farewell to recently . She was the eighth in only three months . Economists say that 14,000 people - most of them young - are leaving Lebanon every month . With a $ 25-billion deficit , a high unemployment rate , low salaries and an economy on the verge of collapse , Lebanese are leaving in droves for the Gulf states , the US , Britain , Canada , Australia - whoever accepts them . Embassies ca n't keep up with immigration applications . Queues at the Canadian embassy are long and seem never - ending . For some reason , Canada seems to be a favourite destination . The word in town is that it 's easier to emigrate to Canada than the US or Britain . Australia comes a close second . But it 's actually not that easy . Many are refused immigration papers . Con artists , eager to cash in on this ' urge to emigrate ' , are having a field day . For a fee of $ 3,000 - $ 5,000 , they promise to procure the desperately sought immigration papers . At least one of my friends was taken in . At 25 , Shadi began to worry about saving enough money to get married one day . I 'll never afford to have a home at this rate , ' he told me . His small - appliance shop earned him about $ 500 every month . With costs skyrocketing in the country , $ 500 barely lasts a week . ' How can I support a wife and family ? ' he lamented . That 's when he met Maher , who offered to get Shadi into Canada within two months . Shadi immediately sold his shop and gave Maher just under $ 5,000 . That was the last he heard of Maher . Today , Shadi is driving a taxi cab . Unfortunately for him , not many people can afford to hire cabs any longer . When con artists do n't come through , illegal immigration becomes an option . Many young people have found an underground network into the United States . At least one person I heard of was shot as he tried to cross over . Others are currently serving terms in US jails . Still , it does n't seem to deter people from illegal attempts to enter foreign countries . I have to try , ' a 24-year - old man confided . He has been unemployed for years . ' If I 'm caught , I 'm caught . But it 's better than staying here doing nothing , is n't it ? ' Others who have no hope of emigrating have resorted to illegal businesses within Lebanon itself . In the Bekaa valley , farmers have gone back to growing hashish . The weed was their main source of income during the 16-year civil war . Its cultivation , however , came to an abrupt halt in 1991 when , bending to an international outcry , the Lebanese and Syrian governments decided to eradicate the narcotic . The international community at that point promised $ 54 million over two years with the aim of finding alternative crops and creating much - needed irrigation networks for farmers . Ten years later , only a tiny proportion of the promised funds has trickled through . The farmers have practically been forgotten and , with the Lebanese economy worsening , families in the Bekaa have become desperate . For the past few years , they have been threatening to go back to growing hashish if alternatives were not found . This year , they have done so . The crop is growing everywhere - in their backyards and even beside the main road . The Government is threatening to eradicate it . But this time , farmers have armed themselves and have sworn to protect their crops . What are we supposed to do ? ' said Abu Mohammed as he showed me around his hashish field . ' How am I supposed to care for my family ? I do n't want to grow hashish . Give me something else to grow , give me water and buy the products from me . I will then eradicate the hashish field myself . ' I could n't blame him . And I ca n't blame my many friends who have left the country or the others who are currently packing their bags to follow them . Most of them are young couples . For the first time , this summer , our fun - filled weekends at the beach or camping with friends have ceased . No - one is around any more , ' grumbled my husband . It 's true , no - one is . And my worst fear is that the country will take so long to pick itself up that my friends will be too settled abroad ever to return . New Internationalist reports on issues of world poverty and inequality . We focus attention on the unjust relationship between the powerful and the powerless worldwide in the fight for global justice . More about our work . \u00a9 Copyright New Internationalist 1973 - 2016 . Except where otherwise noted , content on this site is licensed under Creative Commons . Except where otherwise noted , images on this site are \u00a9 the attributed photographer / illustrator or representative agency . Top of page "}
{"url": "http://www.43folders.com/node/47532/320751", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701163438.83/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193923-00307-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Simply Fabulous Free and Under L$75 Finds in Second Life - Since 2007 . Category Archives : formalwear . If you need a romantic gown for the upcoming Valentine 's weekend - or for any occasion - now is your chance to pick up a Junbug classic as a FREE group gift . If you stop by Junbug 's main - store location , the current group gift is this stunning Betty 's Boudoir in sky blue brocade . You 'll need to wear your group tag ( 200L to join the group ) but when you consider the gifts and benefits , the sum is worth joining the group . This gown is highly detailed mesh in all the standard sizes . The corset has stunning ribbons and buttons down the front that are perfect for romance . I did pair mine with a lacy underlay for added romance , but the gown is also perfect just by itself . The devil is in the details as they say ! But this deal is certainly heavily ! Stop by ECCO main - store next where you can get two perfectly FREE gifts of jewelry to go with your new gown ! My simply stunning Pearl Swoosh Earrings are a FREE gift exclusively for members of the FabFree Group . Just wear your FabFree tag ( it 's FREE to join the group ! ) to pick these up ! Not only are they delicate and lovely , but they also include a texture change hud with five color choices ! My hair clip is another generous FREE gift , this time ECCO is giving it FREE as part of SL frees & offers . Wear your SL frees & offers group tag ( also FREE to join ) and you can pick up this lovely Jewels Hair Flower in three metal choices ! Like all group gifts they wo n't last forever ... be sure to hurry over and pick them up while they are available ! Astrid ( Portia Swords ) is wearing ... . Greetings once again Fabulous Friends ! If you love romance , then February is the month for you . There are all sorts of Valentine themed hunts to participate in . Love is in the air ! There are quite a few grid wide hunts devoted to Valentine 's Day , and sim and store hunts devoted to hearts are cropping up every day . So have a look at the list . I 'm sure you can find a hunt that will get you all \" twitterpated . \" If you 're new to hunting , both FabFree and HUNT SL have pages full of tips to help you get going . I recommend them to novice and veteran hunters alike . We 've got just a couple of days left for a bunch of January hunts . Take a look at the list and you 'll see all of the hunts that will be wrapping things up on Sunday , January 31st . So if you want to grab some of these fine hunt goodies ... stop procrastinating ! Of course , come Monday ( i.e. February 1st ) , I 'll have a whole new crop of nifty hunts to tell you about . There are lots of Valentine themed hunts coming up , but more on that Monday . So check the list and find the hunt that gives you goosebumps , then call your friends and tell them to come help you with all the hints . You 'll be glad you did . If you 're new to hunting , both FabFree and HUNT SL have pages full of tips to help you get going . I recommend them to novice and veteran hunters alike . I do n't usually go for the really swirly girly stuff .... but then I saw this gorgeous ball gown from Paris Metro . This is the \" Mon Amou \" and it is free from Paris Metro 's new Marketplace page . However , this beautiful gift gown will only be free for a very short time . The gown comes in system layers and includes appliers for Belleza , Omega and SLink . I think it 'd be perfect for some ball room dancing .... now to find a partner to trip the light fantastic ! Skin - Lumae - Tinselberry Hands + Nails - Slink mesh Casual Hands + Basic Nail HUD Hair - Calico - Ariyana Eyes - IKON - Hope Eyes in Field and Passion Necklace - Roses for Bell - Designer/ shop no longer in world . Pose - Kirin Poses - Hera pack . It 's Friday , and that means we have another fun weekend of hunting ahead of us . There are some very nice hunts going on right now . Just check the list ( below ) and see for yourself . In case you have n't heard , hunting is a fun and rewarding \" sport . \" Merchants hide gifts in their stores just because they want you to visit . All you have to do is follow hints to find them . You 'll come away with all kinds of free stuff ( or nearly free ... some hunts charge a L$ or two for each hunt item ) . Your inventory will soon be stuffed full of clothing , shoes , accessories , furniture , etc . . If you 're new to hunting , both FabFree and HUNT SL have pages full of tips to help you get going . I recommend them to novice and veteran hunters alike . Good morning fabulous friends ! Here 's a listing of what 's hot in the hunt world today : Tuesday , January 19 . The top hunt today is the thirteenth edition of Hunt for Your Inner Slut and this time around it has a Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy theme . I 'm not sure what that means in terms of sluts but I 'm interested to find out ! The Black or White Hunt is back again in the number two spot and the Menstuff Hunt is at number three . Both of these are great hunts . There are plenty of other hunts to check out too . So let 's all go hunting ! Just a reminder , that these are the 10 most popular viewed hunts over the past 48 hours or so . We do n't know how many people actually start ( or finish ) any given hunt and this ranking can ( and probably will ) change in a few hours . Plus , all the cool kids are doing extra posts with free and almost free shoes ... so here 's mine too . All of these shoes are from the Black or White Hunt 2 which goes on until January 31st . There are two paths , one easy the White Path and one hard , the Black Path . All the participating designers have put out two prizes , one for each Path so I 'll note which Path the shoes are on . Plus , this is a 0L hunt ! Reese - Wicked - ( FREE/0l / Black or White Hunt 2 prize on the Black Path ) . If you are hunting both paths , you do n't want to miss the White path prize from Wicked because it matches these gorgeous heels perfectly ! Reese fits Mesh avatars \" High Feet \" . Skully Sneakers - DemotiK - ( FREE/0L / Black or White Hunt 2 prize on the White Path ) . These unisex sneakers will thrill your goth heart a little bit . They come with three mesh rigged sizes and one unrigged pair for Classic avatars . Leather Boots - Belle Epoque - ( FREE/0L / Group Gift group is 50L to join ) . These boots come in three colors , the grey I 'm showing , brown and a charcoal black . They do n't come with an alpha layer but it did n't take much effort to find one in the inventory that fit . Kawaii Sneakers + Mary Jane - Sweet Tea Couture - ( FREE/0L / Group Gift group is 100L to join ) . The super cute little sneakers were Sweet Tea 's entry for the Kawaii Hunt . Now they are on the Group Gift Vender board . They come with both SLink flat feet and system feet versions . The fee to join the group is 100L but there are a ton of past gifts available on that Vender Board so you 'll recoup it very quickly . Plus , Sweet Tea is one of the more generous designers setting out lots of specials and group gifts . Gifts just like # 3 the September Mary Janes . They 're on the Vender Board as well . The gift comes with SLink , Belleza , Maitreya and Classic Avatar versions . Oh and one ' heads up ' , you 'll need to pay the vender 1L which you will immediately get right back . Reindeer Cuteness Princess Boots - Dirty Princess - ( FREE/0L/ Group Gift group is free to join ) . I ca n't be very professional about this pair of boots . Cause I love 'em . The details are wonderful and the build is just amazing . Plus , they 're free for Dirty Princess group members . The Dirty Princess shop is more like a small SIM and it ' full of great bargains but the boots take the cake . The boots come in system friendly un - rigged , SLink , SLink H.G. , The Mesh Project and Maitreya versions . Valeria - Miss Canning - ( FREE/0L / Group Gift group is free to join ) . Would n't these be perfect for Spring ? And you know that 's right around the corner . Valeria fits my SLink High Feet but I bet they 'd fit most mesh high feet too . Miss Canning 's group is free to join and there a bunch of past gifts available . Well worth the trip . Good morning Fabulous Friends ! Here we are in the middle of January and a new crop of hunts just started today . As a guy , I 'm most excited about the Menstuff Hunt . If you 've ever gone on this hunt in the past , you just know that you 're going to come away with some stylish new clothing , shoes , and accessories . When you see me around Second Life with a fancy new outfit , you 'll know why ! Do n't happen to be a man ? There are plenty of other excellent hunts to go around . Just check out the list below and click on the hunts that look interesting to you . You 'll be whisked away to further details . New to hunting ? Both FabFree and HUNT SL have pages full of tips to help you get going . I recommend them to novice and veteran hunters alike . Categories . Flickr Photos . Blog Stats . Archives . \u00a9 Fabulously Free in SL , 2007 - 2015 . Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from the author and owner is strictly prohibited . Excerpts and links may be used , provided that full and clear credit is given to the FabFree author and Fabulously Free in SL with appropriate and specific direction to the original content . Disclaimer . Second Life \u00ae and Linden Lab \u00ae are trademarks or registered trademarks of Linden Research , Inc. All rights reserved . No infringement is intended . "}
{"url": "http://elizabitchez.blogspot.com/2010/08/any-body-in-chapel-hill.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701146302.25/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193906-00229-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "3 comments : . \" No ! No , Donald Sutherland , do not chase your daughter through those gates . \" Look at that architecture -- so awesome . \" No , really , Donald , you do n't want to be chasing her over canals and through the streets at night . Something tells me that you do n't want to look now . \" Oh man , now Julie Christie is shut out and ca n't get to him . I wonder if it 's a symbol or something . I ca n't watch . Something awful is going to happen . Nice subtle Dutch tilt . Boy , is this sequence shot really well or what ? \" She 's standing in the corner like you punished her , Don . This is not going to end well . \" This has got to be one of the better movies I 've seen . I wonder if I can get any of my friends to watch it ? \" Goodness . What a horrible face . A knife now ? ! What the -- don't just stand there , Donald ! Get out while there 's still time ! \" Holy crap ! I 've been watching a giallo the whole time ! An artsy - fartsy giallo maybe , but , hey , it 's Nick Roeg . "}
{"url": "http://www.downthelinetennis.com/2008/07/fashion-fix-new-adidas-by-stella.html?showComment=1217370060000", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701153998.27/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193913-00253-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "I have felt it many times Balqis . silence and being alone can give us fear inside . waiting for a reply for our questions but we woke up each day having the same feeling of waiting for answers to come . but someday when the right time comes light will shine again . keep smiling sis . @Insp - Thanks for reading this post . Sometimes , it 's so difficult to get something we wish for or sometimes , our wishes just ca n't be materialised no matter how hard we try . Really nice comments from you . Oh my i am too late to post my comment , and the things which i thought of presenting as feedback has already been mentioned by your friends ! :( :( Out of all inabilities , i think inability to express something through words is the most painful one ! :) Very nice post Balqis ...... Keep going ! Welcome To Part And Parcel Of Life . \" Selamat Datang \" , welcome in my national language Bahasa Malaysia , to everyone . Your visits are very much appreciated . This is a place where I share my thoughts , poetry , stories and anything in general . It is more like a one - stop blog . Please , feel free to comment the posts . "}
{"url": "http://www.insidethearts.com/buttsintheseats/tag/thomas-cott/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701146600.56/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193906-00287-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "The Carolinas Peace and Economic Justice program is a community education and peace building program which builds alliances and support networks to create strategic links engaging those working for peace and alternatives to war and violence . AFSC 's commitment to peace and economic justice is based on the Quaker belief in life as sacred and the desire to avoid all violence . AFSC tries to find peaceful solutions to conflicts and differences and to address the root causes of violence . We work toward this goal by . Subscribe to our Newsletter . American Friends Service Committee . Who we are . AFSC is a Quaker organization devoted to service , development , and peace programs throughout the world . Our work is based on the belief in the worth of every person , and faith in the power of love to overcome violence and injustice . Read More . Newsroom . Where we work . AFSC has offices around the world . To see a complete list see the Where We Work page . U.S. Locations . International . Select an International Location Burundi Cambodia China El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Indonesia Israel Mexico Myanmar ( Burma ) North Korea Palestine Quaker United Nations Offices Somalia Syria Zimbabwe "}
{"url": "https://fabfree.wordpress.com/tag/analog-dog/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701160950.71/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193920-00268-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Tucson , AZ . Tucson , AZ . AFSC Arizona combines advocacy for incarcerated people and their families with statewide policy change to document and improve prison conditions while working to reduce the number of people incarcerated in Arizona . Through research , documentation , advocacy , and sentencing reform , AFSC Arizona secures more humane prison conditions , prevents prison expansion , and fosters alternatives to incarceration . We serve as a resource for prisoners , ex - prisoners , and their family members , providing information and resources to address questions , and a place to get involved in bringing their voice to the seats of power in Arizona . Subscribe to our Newsletter . American Friends Service Committee . Who we are . AFSC is a Quaker organization devoted to service , development , and peace programs throughout the world . Our work is based on the belief in the worth of every person , and faith in the power of love to overcome violence and injustice . Read More . Newsroom . Where we work . AFSC has offices around the world . To see a complete list see the Where We Work page . U.S. Locations . International . Select an International Location Burundi Cambodia China El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Indonesia Israel Mexico Myanmar ( Burma ) North Korea Palestine Quaker United Nations Offices Somalia Syria Zimbabwe "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Blogs/coolstuff/Bing-for-iPhone-Updated-with-Social-Elements-Barcode-Scanning", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701160950.71/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193920-00295-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Stampin with Julie . Julie Masse from Paper Pretties emailed me today to let me know she used on of our cakes as inspiration behind an invitation for her friends virtual birthday party . I loved what she did with the invitation and wanted to share it with everyone . Julie is part of a whole group of Stampin Up Demonstrators who create all sorts of lovely hand crafted cards , memory albums , invitations , & announcements . Here are a just a few I found through her site : . I absolutely love the colours , they are sooo lively . Your cakes look like something designed by an illustrator , on a computer ( they are perfect , colouring , shape and I 'm sure they taste amazing as well . ) Will def make a note to drop by when in NJ . Your work is truly inspiring . Please do not leave order related questions ( i.e. pricing or availability ) in the comment form below . If you have an order related question please use our order inquiry form or contact us for more information . Popular Creations . Get cakes delivered to your Inbox ! Find Pink Cake Box on the web ! Copyright \u00a9 2016 Pink Cake Box . All Rights Reserved . "}
{"url": "http://diabetes.diabetesjournals.org/content/58/2/403", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701147841.50/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193907-00112-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Search . NY Farm Bureau to O'Mara : Welcome to our ' Circle of Friends ' . The Farm Bureau represents more than 35,000 member farm families and notified O'Mara of his selection earlier this week . O'Mara said that he was honored to receive the recognition for his consistent support of New York 's No . 1 industry . He noted that the farm economy generates more than $ 4 billion worth of annual economic activity statewide and provides a livelihood for hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers . \" I 've always been proud to stand up for our local farmers and for a regional and statewide agricultural industry that 's been such a tremendous foundation of upstate New York 's culture and economy . It 's a vitally important industry across hundreds of communities and remains a fundamental building block of a strong future , \" said O'Mara , a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee . O'Mara also serves as one of 10 members - five state senators , and five members of the Assembly - on the joint , bipartisan Legislative Commission on the Development of Rural Resources . O'Mara noted that area Assemblyman Phil Palmesano ( R - C , Corning ) and Assemblywoman Barbara Lifton ( D - Ithaca ) are also members of the commission , which is currently chaired by western New York Senator Catharine Young ( R - Olean ) . "}
{"url": "http://www.cpusa.org/academics-and-labor-activists-establish-free-schools-in-oklahoma/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701154221.36/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193914-00262-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Tag Archives : angel . Photos - no words - capturing moments from the week . Simple , special , extraordinary moments . Moments you want to pause , savour and remember . \" This Moment \" is a ritual found on SouleMama 's blog then grabbed by the Wee Man which was lifted from Almost ther e by Sarah - Jane and snagged from Alejandro . It 's been a while since I 've participated in this lovely tradition but I 'm happy to be with you this week . Life has been \" interesting \" as of late and , yet , I find myself thankful for all that is good in my life and the people who glisten and sparkle in it . My BFF , all the way back from when we were \" cool \" middle schoolers , surprised me with this beautiful angel sent with love from Canada . She had no idea of the recent events in my life but she \" believes \" in me and was prompted to send it . She was not aware my tiny Christmas tree is adorned with angels ( go figure ) . Is n't that how best friends grace us ? On a mystic level ? Have a blessed holiday season and remember who and what makes it special . . . . IP Only for Me . Globe Trotting . Blog Stats . Party Time . Happy Digging . "}
{"url": "http://intermezzo.typepad.com/intermezzo/2013/07/doing-birtwistle-doggy-style.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701168076.20/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193928-00250-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Immigrant workers ' rights . Immigrant workers ' rights . All people in the U.S.-regardless of immigration status - have a right to work with dignity , but immigrant workers are often denied this right . All workers should be paid a living wage and have the right to freely associate , organize , and form labor unions without employer retaliation or retribution . AFSC works to end harmful policies and actions that expose immigrant workers to abuse and exploitation . Sign up for email updates . Action alerts , news from the field , and inspiration from AFSC 's immigrant rights programs . Related issues - . U.S. immigration policy should protect human rights - for everyone . AFSC directly supports immigrant and refugee communities across the U.S. while advocating in Washington , D.C. , for humane policy reform . Subscribe to our Newsletter . American Friends Service Committee . Who we are . AFSC is a Quaker organization devoted to service , development , and peace programs throughout the world . Our work is based on the belief in the worth of every person , and faith in the power of love to overcome violence and injustice . Read More . Newsroom . Where we work . AFSC has offices around the world . To see a complete list see the Where We Work page . U.S. Locations . International . Select an International Location Burundi Cambodia China El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Indonesia Israel Mexico Myanmar ( Burma ) North Korea Palestine Quaker United Nations Offices Somalia Syria Zimbabwe "}
{"url": "http://www.vinography.com/archives/2006/03/rubbing_shoulders_with_the_tal.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162903.38/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00039-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Archive for the ' # 1 Thrift Store Diva ' Category . Hi my friends ! I have n't been around , I know . But just so you know , I talk to you every day in my head . We share meandering stories , randomedies , and nutty anecdotes . Oh yes we do . There was the alopecia thing and the coupon debacle and the Starbucks affair ( still ) and so many other tales . As [ ... ] . So these two jackets from the Goodwill ? Awesome . I mean . Just . Awesome . I get this floaty feeling inside when I think of them , and when I wear them and when I consider that combined , they cost me $ 15 . The black trench shown above is Old Navy and I bought it NEW for [ ... ] . Can you see this OK ? I simply must take fashion photography to better capture the kick assedness of my thrift store finds . But meanwhile , let me break it down for you : we 've got one 100 % silk , Banana Republic , peacock green , visually arresting top , paired with dress khakis sporting cream , black and tan pinstripes , topped [ ... ] . I have to show you something . Ai n't it grand ? Trust me . In person , this purse is life - changing . Maybe it looks too patent - leathery here . Too shiny . Too black ? Not enough white ? Not so in real life . It 's perfection . And here 's the kicker : it was $ 9.99 ! I love Goodwill ( is it Good Will ? It should be . ) I 've [ ... ] "}
{"url": "http://news.motorbiker.org/blogs.nsf/dx/dakar-2013-motorcycles-sold-out.htm", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701157443.43/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193917-00111-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "about . Spazionauta is the result of a 3 days jam session close and vibrant , a deep and intimate dialogue between two old friends . The production , handled by BIGA , are quotes and deconstructions of his many musical influences : Hip hop , Beats , Funk , Brasil , Electro are the hinges of his personal vocabulary : elegant , dreamy , essential , retro / futuristic . Texts , by Millelemmi , are a maze of rhymes , a collage of words , archaisms and neologisms , free thoughts and association of ideas . The result is a moving poem , mutant , subject to multiple interpretations and fascinating to the point of becoming a collective stream of consciousness . \" Per Fare \" - tells the mania of spending energy without a purpose that is not the appearance , recalling the listener to reflect before acting . The song , almost a chant , slips slightly helped by the \" 70s b - movie imaginary \" beat that playfully dilutes the issue . \" Spazionauti \" - rhymes flow on an hypnotic \" soul / dub \" , immersed in low frequency range : a cosmic journey / introspective , a wandering suffered between the asphyxiating deserts and the sideral galaxies of the self . So many questions to be asked .... . \" Capita \" - robotic bassline and a marching detroit beat to a fiery and tight rap , where a classic dissing to a third party turns into an elegant and ironic tongue twister : conscious , irreverent , zany , sublime , absurd . Poems more than raps , music more than beats that make this ep something unique ! "}
{"url": "http://collections.mun.ca/cdm/search/collection/theses5/searchterm/--/field/all/mode/any/conn/and/cosuppress/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162808.51/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00107-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "The one thing I was really impressed with from the last preview of Leopard ( in ' 06 ) was the screen / application sharing in iChat . That functionality appears to have been dumbed down and split up between iChat and the \" new \" Finder . Now it seems that you can only share screens via the Finder and only for machines on your local network . No more remote tech support for tech challenged family and friends . That feature was worth the price of admission for me as I do n't want to deal with VNC and I am not shelling out several hundred dollars for Remote Desktop . This change seems to have gone unnoticed as people are still mentioning it as a feature ( Andy even mentioned it on MBW ) . Sorry to see this one go . 43 Folders is powered by Drupal , which rules . The site was designed and made wonderful by the astounding Chris Glass . Ben Durbin is the sine qua non and our personal consigliere . 43f 's web hosting is sponsored by A2 . 43 Folders \u00ae is a registered trademark of Merlin Mann . All posts and comments \u00a9 their original owners . Everything else ( including the design ) is \u00a9 Merlin Mann , 2004 - 2010 . Merlin 's posts can be reused or republished solely in accordance with the BY - NC - ND Creative Commons License . Please do n't be a douche with our stuff . "}
{"url": "http://www.nysenate.gov/legislation/bills/2011/S4104", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148834.81/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00172-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Search our archive for Bibles , autograph albums , IDed photos , documents , correspondence , and other treasures from the past that may relate to your family or area . This project is ongoing , so please visit often . 1890s Autograph Album of Edith L. Greenleaf of Trevett , Maine . 1890s autograph album of Edith L. Greenleaf of Trevett , Maine . The album is approximately 7 \" x 4 - 1/4 \" and contains 37 pages signed by relatives , friends and teachers in the Trevett and Boothbay , Maine area , plus a few others . Edith L. Greenleaf was born 15 December 1882 at Boothbay , Maine , the daughter of Payson S. and Susan Ann ( Harding ) Greenleaf . Her paternal grandparents were Silas Pinkham Greenleaf and Mary Jane ( Pinkham ) Greenleaf . Her maternal grandparents were Charles and Betsy Harding . On 8 November 1905 at Bath , Maine , Edith married Merritt Charles Gackinbach ( various spellings ) , who was born at Bath , Maine , on 24 September 1883 , the son of Richard C. Gachenbach and Alice ( Wagner ) Gachinback . The couple lived at Bath , Maine , and had at least one child , a daughter . Edith 's older sister Delia H. Greenleaf of Trevett , Maine , signed a page in 1896 . Complete list of signers , in alphabetical order : [ Please note that people may have indicated the place where they were when they signed their pages rather than their actual residences . ] If you have any corrections to the information presented above or any insights into the people who signed pages in the autograph album of Edith L. ( Greenleaf ) Gachenbach , please leave a comment or contact me directly . I 'd especially like to know more about teacher Mary Stuart . "}
{"url": "http://food.theplainjane.com/2011/11/14/chicken-pie-diner-poway-san-diego-ca/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701168011.94/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193928-00029-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Death of Jacques Verg\u00e8s . Master Jacques Verg\u00e8s died on the 15th of August 2013 , in Paris , at a friend 's house on the Quai Voltaire , in the room where had also died the Enlightenment philosopher . Anti - colonialist lawyer , he fought for the independence of Algeria . He then met Mao Zedong and became Mao\u00efste . He disappeared from 1970 to 1978 and resurfaced as an adventurer . He would often meet with Thierry Meyssan in Beyrouth , on the side of the Georges Abdallah trial , of which he was one of the lawyers . Both men befriended each other briefly . But they met again in 2011 , in Tripoli ( Libya ) where he took responsibility , with one of his fellow lawyers , of the retrieval of the Jamahiriya family 's possesions , illegally blocked by France . He asked of Kadhafi to be payed by commission and to receive 6 millioin dollars as a deposit . Both lawyers then took the money and left with no further work . Thierry Meyssan , who was at the time the Volunteer Coordinator of the Temporary Technical Committee of the Jamahiriya family , intervened in order to remove them from the delegation and replace them with a more scrupulous lawyer . The Voltaire Network presents it 's condolences to his family and friends . You visit this website to seek quality analysis that enables you to forge your own understanding of today 's world . In order to continue our work , we need you to support our efforts . Help us by making a contribution . "}
{"url": "http://www.ekklesia.co.uk/taxonomy/term/9444", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701147841.50/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193907-00032-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Bing for iPhone Updated with Social Elements , Barcode Scanning . The Bing Team just announced that the Bing application for the iPhone and iPod Touch has now been updated with several new features , including new social elements , barcode scanning technology , and a better movies section . From the home page , you 'll notice a \" Social \" option . You can use this feature to connect both your Twitter and Facebook accounts to the Bing app . After doing so , when you search for something using Bing , you 'll also see relevant results returned from your social network . For example , if you search for a movie , after the movie showtimes , the app will show what your friends on these networks have said about the movie itself . Another new feature is visual scanning . Using the phone 's camera , you can scan the barcode of any product or the cover art of books , CDs , DVDs , or video games . This returns reviews , prices , and links to merchant websites , allowing you to perform comparison shopping right from your device . Finally , the Movies section has been updated with more video and trailers and improved access to showtimes . The Shopping section has seen a few tweaks too , helping you find products , prices and links faster than before . To get the new application , download it from iTunes now or just update the Bing app already on your phone . Comments closed . Comments have been closed since this content was published more than 30 days ago , but if you 'd like to continue the conversation , please create a new thread in our Forums , or Contact Us and let us know . "}
{"url": "http://www.groklaw.net/articlebasic.php?story=20080315214004709", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701165302.57/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193925-00293-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Sunday , September 30 , 2007 . Stonehill Tavern - Dana Point . I like food . I like talking about it , writing about it , taking pictures of it , and most of all , eating it . It does n't have to be fancy or expensive . It can come from the humblest of places . It just has to be good . But once in while , a little splurging is nice . And there 's no better way to splurge than when your friends are doing the splurging , like mine did a few days ago for my birthday . If you could n't tell by the name , this hotel was as ritzy as it gets . Guests rolled in on Bentleys and were dressed in designer duds . All around , there were polished marble columns and immaculately clipped topiary . The aura of wealth was everywhere . As we pulled up to the valet , in a dented Toyota pickup , I suppressed a chuckle as my friend said to me under his breath , \" Could n't we have taken my car ? \" But the attendant barely batted an eye as I handed him the key and we made our way in , through the lobby , past the gorgeous foyer , into the restaurant . We sat in a glass encased booth near the bar , a dimly lit lounge with towers of glass bejeweled with wine bottles . Our waiter was precise and professional with the chiseled features of a daytime soap star . He recited the fine details of the night 's specials flawlessly , from memory -- a talent which will undoubtedly come in handy the next time he auditions . Of the many menus he gave us , one was the tasting menu , a list of six courses for $ 115 per person . Originally , our plan was to try it , but everyone at the table has to agree to order it , or no one does . This \" all - or - nothing \" option would n't work , since one of us does not eat duck or lamb , and it made up two courses . A smarter way , we decided , was to order a - la - carte . Not only would we save money , we 'd get to try twice as many items as the tasting menu offered . They were subdivided into these categories : . Maine Lobster Liberty Farms Duck Tuna Dungeness Crab Greens Osetra Caviar Each category had three different variations , while a fourth , called a Tasting Trio , had a sampling . We chose three trios , but steered clear of the caviar , which commanded hefty price tags ( $ 150-$275 ) . But before the trios arrived , a basket of hot rolls did . And I do mean hot . A plume of steam escaped when we tore one apart . A slathering of house - made butter liquefied on contact , and before we knew it , we finished the entire basket . The best roll was one bubbled over with crispy cheese . Next came a complimentary amuse of raw tuna , set on a thin round of cucumber , topped with caviar . It had the diameter of a quarter , but tasted like a thousand bucks . It readied us for the Tuna Trio ( $ 33 ) , served side - by - side on a flat , rectangular plate . The first was a thin square of meat , seared on the bottom , but red and raw topside . A few spears of crunchy haricot verts and a boiled quail egg accompanied an \" endive marmalade \" . It was a study in contrast and balance , between flavors and geometric shapes . The second was thick slices of sashimi , \" cooked \" with the acid of yuzu and topped with shaved radish , enoki mushrooms , and cucumber . The creaminess of the fish was offset nicely by the citrus , like scrambled eggs with a fresh O.J. chaser . The third was tuna tartare , laced with habanero - infused sesame oil , garnished with ribbons of mint and a side of buttered toast . The tuna 's fine dice sparkled ruby red , and slipped around like an oiled seal in my mouth . The Lobster Trio ( $ 38 ) was good , but never being a fan of lobster , the meat failed to impress me . Though the methods did . The first was a chilled salad , with frisee , pickled peaches , orange , and dribbles of roasted almond oil . The lobster sat underneath , frigid , firm , and furtive . The second lobster app was bisque presented in a tea cup . Submerged under a rich , hot soup full of its essence was more of the meat . This time , it 's butter - poached . There was also a crisp , fried fleck of batter , present for crunch and color . The third lobster incarnation was as a shiso - wrapped fritter , deep fried on a stick . A deliberate dressing down of an expensive ingredient , this was a lobster in a corn dog 's clothing . It rested on a lettuce cup with a dollop of sour cream . When I went for the lettuce after the fritter was consumed , one of us remarked , \" but that 's a garnish . \" \" On a $ 38 dish , nothing is garnish ! \" I said to nods of agreement . Hearts of romaine was certainly not garnish either . This was the first sample in the Greens Trio ( $ 23 ) , the trio that trumped the others . The romaine was done as a traditional Ceasar , with cheesy , crunchy crouton cubes and generous shavings of parmesan . The second was a salad of heirloom tomatoes , with a oozy gloop of burrata cheese for body and wild arugula for fodder . The play between the tart and the rich was thrilling , if fleeting . I wanted more than the small hill I had to share with my two friends . The third was watercress , served with a goat cheese and pistachio . The goat cheese was mild and runny , like yogurt without the tang ; closing out the appetizer course with a cooling finish . The main entrees came next , and we passed it around to take a taste of each other 's selections . My choice was the Berkshire Pig ( $ 37 ) . There was not one , but two different cuts on the plate , each prepared differently . One was a loin roast -- a cylinder of very tender meat with hardly any fat . The other was thin planks of cheek meat . These were very dense , very fatty , and very flavorful . Its bouncy bite reminded me of bologna . A thick smear of paste was the puree of yellow carrot . And yes , I shall describe it as baby food . But any baby or toothless adult would love this full - bodied and sweet spoonful of silk . Another entree , was the Nebraska Prime Beef ( $ 46 ) , which also had two distinct cuts and preps . The first , was a soft - as - pudding braised veal cheek meat , which could 've been eaten with a spoon . The other was a bloody hunk of steak ; good but unremarkable . Broccoli and a block of a thinly - layered potato gratin acted as sides . All together , it was a homey dish -- hearty , rich and filling . The Monkfish ( $ 35 ) on special would be the winner if there was judging . Two swollen fillets were pan - seared , cooked to perfection and served under shredded cabbage wilted with bacon drippings . Grapes , pearl onions , and marble - sized English potatoes were strewn below for flavor and starch . Tasting the buttery , firm - yet - supple flesh , I realized that this \" poorman 's lobster \" needs a better nickname . It did , indeed , feel and taste like lobster , but it did n't have its odor or funky bitterness . For dessert , we passed on the usuals of chocolate cake , creme brulee , and cheesecake ( all available with fanciful add - ons ) , for something we never thought we 'd see in a fancy restaurant : Root Beer Float ( $ 12 ) . Yep , thanks to Pulp Fiction , you 've heard of the five - dollar shake . Well , this is a twelve - dollar float . And I 'm sorry to have to say this , but : it was worth every penny . First of all , it comes with three hot - from - the - oven chocolate chip cookies , which already won our hearts . But this is n't just a mug of soda with a hastily dropped scoop of vanilla . No , this is a thoughtful and calculated dessert course . First , the glass is filled halfway with a root beer slush , so that the scoop of ice cream can sit on it without sinking to the bottom . Then , there 's the ice cream . It 's not vanilla , but sassafras , which is a main ingredient in root beer . Over this , chilled root beer is poured . The result ; a playful rethinking of a classic . When we thought we were done , we were n't . With the check ( I will let you calculate the total on your own ) , came complimentary bon bons , ice cream morsels covered in chocolate , speared on plastic sticks . It was a wonderful night of splurging by good friends on my behalf . One of them handed me a wad of cash when we walked outside . The money was for the valet , who was about to pull up in our pickup truck . Happy belated birthday ! I 'm going to take a cue from you and insist on getting treated to a la - dee - da place for my birthday next year . ^_^ I did n't realize it , but I guess I sort of gave you a present , too . Enjoy it ! Right back at ya , buddy . Your pictures are looking spectacular these days . I also love how your friends take you out for your birthday . Who needs more stuff ? I want tasty foods ! As a side note , most restaurants will take into account dietary preferences when you order the tasting menu . It sounds like you guys made the smart choice going a la carte , but if you ever find yourself dining with someone who has dietary restrictions again , let your waiter know what they are when asking about the tasting menu . He may have to check with the chef , but chances are they 'll be able to make a substitution or change to accommodate your friend . Remember , though , that what the substitution is or if it 's made is entirely at the discretion of the chef . Hey elmo , I finally decided to make an account . I 've read tons of your reviews , but I think this is the first up to date review that I really had been able to want to relate on . I love the descriptions you have on your posts . This place really seems like a world of wonder that I probably wo n't ever get to try . I read the review of Bluefin a while ago as well , it really seems hard to find which was better . Which was better for you ? Oh , and by the way , happy belated birthday , my birthday passed recently as well . I guess the dinner makes up for the fact that I chipped in for an iPhone for one friend . And I 'd spend another $ 12 for that root beer float in a heartbeat . Shinae , . Thanks ! This one 's been on my list for a while . Next up on the totem pole is French Laundry . nhbilly , . It 's off my list now . Ca n't wait to hear about your experience after you take it off yours . CP , . We were thinking of asking them to substitute , but I 'm glad we ended up ordering this way . And what 's a better present for a foodie than food ! Scotty , . Thanks for delurking ! Good to know that you 've been enjoying my reviews . As far as Bluefin vs. Stonehill , I 'd give a slight edge to Bluefin . The reason is that I prefer its Asian flavors and Japanese food . Both are immaculate though . Ca n't go wrong with either . happy belated birthday elmo ! ! i like the fact that they serve several different preps and cuts of a dish . Never heard of them doing this elsewhere . I 'll havta add this place to my list of \" Must eats . \" And , that root beer is a \" must get ! \" It all sounds wonderful ! Especially , that rootbeer float ! The best float that I have ever experienced was the one I had at the Stadium Club in the Staples Center . They \" shaved \" frozen rootbeer and layered that slush with ice cream . Then they poured IBC rootbeer over it and set the bottle down next to you to add more if you liked . It 's been 10 plus years but , still memorable . Thanks for the great review ! great review elmo . the berkshire pig looks amazing . i 'm a fan of the berkshire pork links at shabu shabu japanese restaurant in mission viejo . i 'm salivating now for that $ 12 root beer float . this place is something to look forward to for sure . Oh , my husband took me here for my birthday ... my highlights- the wine somelier ( sp ? ) recommended the PERFECT wine based on what we told him we liked and the Sirloin Burger with Truffle cheese is to DIE FOR ... amazing ... I know , I know , who orders a Cheeseburger at a fine dining restuarant ... pregnant me ! ! ! ! I had heard about it and it definitely lived up to its expectations . MMMMMMMMMMMMM , it sounds so good right now . Happy belated B - day ! I request this restaurant for my birthday dinner every year now . My husband has been taking me there 1/year or 3 years now . What really blew our socks off the first time we went was the butterscotch pudding dessert . I am not much into sweets , but this was the most fantastic creation I have ever tasted . It took me right back to childhood . The restaurant seems to rotate it back into the menu only during the spring ( I 'm a May baby ) and I go back just for the pudding . "}
{"url": "http://www.nysenate.gov/press-release/senator-zeldin-announces-signing-bill-authorize-resident-curator-program-parks-and-his", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701165070.40/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193925-00278-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "he just likes to swim and has absolutely no olympic dreams unless of course ' throwing - ball - for - dog - to - fetch ' becomes an olympic sport ... ) . 3 comments : . well the ' life goes on ' bit looks fabulous . the ordinary life . i did not realise you were so close to the salty waters edge . beautiful . how well your boy looks . there is always so much to be grateful for and so many ways the world shows us how deep is the love . Goose bumps , Ronnie and a tiny tear shed for you and the Boyo , but above all huge admiration for Sass and his Mum , slogging it out day by day . He is such a trouper ; you and Farmer Phil and EJ may be very proud of him , as are all your friends proud of you . Oh Ronnie , I have n't been on the internet for a while and totally missed this post ! I am sorry to hear about Sass 's diagnosis but can see that you 're all coming to terms with it . I have two hulking great nephews who are both injecting diabetics , diagnosed at 7 and 9 . I hope all is well with you and send you our love , Sara xxx . find me here also . Subscribe To . This work by Rhonda Ayliffe is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - NonCommercial - NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License . this means you can freely share what you find here as long as you correctly attribute the work to me ( ie tell the world its something created by ' Rhonda Ayliffe ' ) and link to the source .... but you ca n't make derivative works or try to sell my creative work ( which is not playing nice wot ! ) "}
{"url": "http://collections.mun.ca/cdm/compoundobject/collection/theses2/id/189863", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701156627.12/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193916-00251-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Tuesday , May 30 , 2006 . later is greater ? or not ... . so because some could n't get online over the holiday , the current flash fiction friday deadline was extended to noon ( cst ) today . i was actually done by the regular deadline , but since i had an extra day , figured i 'd wait and see if anything else came to me . and this is my last chance to post before noon , and it has n't happened . she cut me off , challenging me , daring me to say to her what she 'd heard me say about so many others , and i had to admit to myself that she had a right to angry . but i 'd never thought it 'd be her , either . i stopped and rewound my thoughts . was i friends with somebody i believed that about ? who was the hypocrite here ? \" how dare you judge me ? and what do you know about it ? you know what , you 're such a fucking snob - you sit there and look down your nose at everybody - nobody 's as smart as you , reads such good books as you , listens to such good music as you . but you do n't know shit about this . you 've never done this and you never will . because you ca n't . so you can take your opinion and shove it ! \" she left me standing there , guiltily . i had no right to judge her , but are n't friends supposed to tell each other the truth ? i was only trying to offer an opinion , and somehow it ended in my saying - for all intents and purposes - that the person i 'd been making catty comments with for so many years , was now one of those i made comments about . that was n't supposed to happen ... years of friendship . years of confidences , crises , commenting on the stupid people we were somehow surrounded by ... when did she become one of them ? had she become one of them ? she was the one who promised nothing would change . i knew things would , but she insisted - she 'd still be the same person , so how could things change ? she 'd be a little more busy , that 's all . but as soon as she came home , i could tell she was n't the same . she tried to say it was me viewing her differently , but it was her . i was just reacting to the new person i was faced with - not that i saw her right away - she was busy with family and whatever else she was busy with , and i was just a friend on the phone . she was too tired . i should come by next week . she needed a few days to catch herself and adjust . i complied - i 'm her friend . i want what 's best for her , and she said she needed a few days . so i gave her a week . the longest we 'd gone without seeing each other in years . when i saw her again she was somebody else . somebody else with somebody else . somebody i did n't know anymore , who did n't really need me anymore . she had a different support system . and everybody changed with her - the only thing they had to say to me now was to ask when it 'd be my turn . and when she heard that , she 'd smile and tell them i was n't interested in babies . and they 'd encourage me , saying it 'd change my life , and she 'd just keep smiling up at me then back at her new life - she knew i could n't . i was n't the one who changed . and then she had the nerve to come to me complaining about the difficulties of parenting , expecting sympathy . we never spared anybody else ; was i supposed to spare her ? i told her what i thought . and now apparently we were n't friends anymore . walk good . 8 Comments : . very true , then again ... i been a \" different person \" since i was 17 , it 's been kinda take it or leave it for my friends ! and of coure i am supermom- no one does it better than me ! yeah right ... mwaaaahahahaha ! ! ! it 's entirely fiction , so i 'm very flattered that so many of your comments use the word \" true \" . love u , miss u . Friday , May 26 , 2006 . his name is ( drumroll ) toby ... . and while we getting accurate , the 7second - delay that 's industry standard is what wamu used to use , but apparently they now go with a 10second delay to make math easier , and nobody seems to know why 7seconds is industry standard in the 1st place . the guess is that it 's the minimum time somebody felt comfortable with for doing an emergency cut+dump , with finesse . i also learned that the wamu show i assistant produce for does n't air with a delay at all- it 's a live live show . dangerous , and thus , now even more thrilling to me ... and i forgot to mention yesterday , that the other unexpected occurrence was when a caller told me his name and comment , and i realised he 'd been to my house . which is not to say i know him- he once met my mom on a flight ( she 's a flight attendant ) and in chatting her up , revealed that he owns a film production company . my mom , being a mom , instantly told him about her daughter , the actress / writer , who he needed to connect with . so i get the details and put eddie back on hold , and of course , the segment ended without the host taking his call . i said hello a buncha times and he did n't respond , but he did n't hang up and free the line , so i had to keep trying . after about 9 \" hello\"s , he finally responded . i said my lines , and he decided to try and be ' smart ' , and replied by thanking me for saving him $ . he thanked me in 3 different arrangements of the same sentence , basically making it clear that he 'd make good on his threat to withdraw all support for another radio station , but was n't clever enough to think up a cutting way to say so . then he said goodbye , but as i thankfully waited for him to release the line , he said , \" oh , are you still there ? \" he then tried to gain my sympathy . \" you know where i 'm coming from , right ? \" , so i explained again that who gets on air is out of my control , and i do n't care what the fallout for weta is over it . then he said , \" i know what goes on . i know how it is . \" so i asked what , specifically , he thought he knew , and he said he knows the host looks over all the callers to pick+choose who she wants on air . then i dropped the call without guilt . why do stupid people try to engage with minds they clearly ca n't handle ? do they aim to do it in situations like this because they figure it 's kinda like customer service and we have to be nice and accomodating ? or is it the phone - not - in - person thing ? because i could n't figure out why he kept pursuing it after the 1st go - round ... it was obvious that i did n't care , could n't do anything to help even if i did , and thought he was an idiot . the control room was laughing the whole time , so i know it was obvious . to everybody except eddie the retard , who unfortunately , will no longer be sending financial assistance to weta . walk good . Wednesday , May 24 , 2006 . ca n't always get . this is not a \" woe is me \" post , but i 'd like to state that , mostly , my level of desire for something to happen is inversely proportional to the chances of it happening . i need to learn that it 's not all within my control- possibly much , but not all . so in the world of live radio , today listeners almost heard some dick named chris with a 703-mobile - number ask a well - known , middle - aged , female national public radio host when was the last time she 'd had her vagina pounded . but because of the 7 ( ? ) -second - delay and toby , a superstar tech who handled the cut+dump perfectly with smooth brilliance and no thought , only the control room did . unless there 's $ involved , there 's no way i 'd hold , on a mobile phone , in the car , for 17-plus minutes just for that small thrill . i have no idea what could sponsor such dedication , but grims suggests that chris really gets off on the sound of her voice . she 's been collecting them for years ... tell you when i get them . walk good . if i still had chris ' digits , i 'd call him back and make sure to record the embarrassment i 'd cause him , but unfortunately , when toby cut+dumped , the number disappeared too fast for me to write it down ... walk good . Monday , May 22 , 2006 . 2 out of 3 ... ( appended 10.12pm ) . am i too old to still be putting together a \" best of \" final bite of every meal ? does a brownie - smothered - in - ice - cream count as a meal ? and do i get points for creating one that 's a bowlful of best - mouthfuls ? the prize is in the eating . and it 's really a prize just for knowing you ca n't go wrong with brownies and ice - cream . walk good . when he told this story , i knew exactly what he meant about how sometimes the mind just does that , makes bizarre leaps with very little prompting in the way of weirdness . now i have told this story to somebody else ( including the part that follows presently , about my own subsequent weird leap ) and they said no , their brain never does that . so now i wanna know how many people 's minds are prone to this kind of thing . anyway , so a few days after the unremembered - friend ( neither grims nor myself remembers who the hell thought his head had exploded , but we agree that we were told the story together on our living room couch ) told his ( ? ) i grabbed a little packet and tore it open , all excited about the prospect of removing the birdshit with a few damp , lemon - scented towelettes , and froze in horror when some pale yellow crumbly shit fell out . my immediate realisation : the car had become severely radioactive and its radioactive properties had completely altered the composition of the wet wipe , leaving the pale yellow crumbled result of chemical breakdown . my next thought was , could i go in and love up grims or would i contaminate him ? then the black squiggle on the packet in my hand resolved itself into letters . parmesan . your brain ever do you dat ? walk good . ps : remember when i said \" monkey \" was in style ? well now it 's pirates . it started with johnny , but it 's been a slow , steady build , and i think pirates ! the porno was a rung on the piratical rise in the public consciousness . 1 Comments : . i 'm not sure about the head exploding feeling , but i sometimes have similarly absurd notions . they usually have to do with impossible things that happen in my dreams that later i think of and for a minute ca n't determine if it really happened or not . after a good long minute of thinking about if that ' something ' really happened , which of course it is so absurd it could n't possibly have happened , i remember that is was just a dream . but just to sit there and have to think about it is clearly insane . you get my drift , i hope ... parmesan ... ummm yummy . big up to grims ! aye me HARDies walk good ( with that peg leg ) Chrissy . Sunday , May 21 , 2006 . fff touchback ? unintentional- i just wrote what the current flash fiction friday starter brought to mind , and it seems to have come somewhat inspired by the recent bathing beatitude . big - up jj for continuing to inspire . she rolled her eyes to herself , then grimaced in the direction of the cameraman to meet the predictable coming - on - cue . she swore up+down to friends , fans , freaks+weirdos who questioned the possible truth of the myth , he just did it to show up his coworkers . she rolled away and made sure she 'd be heard above the awed congratulations of interns , \" ugh . her exit line was , \" damn - we 'd all appreciate coming on cue a lot more if there was any kinda control . you 're always late for your next shoot after this inconsiderate asshole . \" she went back to get cleaned up , then remembered who she was meeting , and gathered up herself to go home instead - she needed the full soak+rinse before the imminent s+m encounter . 18minutes later she screeched around the corner and pulled up short in her driveway . she wanted to be in the tub instantaneously , warm water gently pressuring her orifices ... she unlocked the door with one hand while unzipping her denim mini with the other . she stepped out of skirt+heels in 3 quick strides , dropped her keys+purse on the end table on the way through the living room and had her halter - top up+over her head by the time she reached the bedroom . she grabbed oscar from his pedestal and kept moving through to the bathroom . 90seconds later she sat on the edge of the tub , one hand wriggling lazily in the stream of hot water slowly raising the water - level and fogging up the mirror , and the other wriggling not - so - lazily between her thighs . a sudden thought made her reach over to the corner of the tub for oscar . she flicked the little switch , and her almost - dismay was relieved by the familiar buzzing . she smiled for real for the first time that day . the tub was almost ready . lunch with mom would have to wait . walk good . Wednesday , May 17 , 2006 . lockoff . i do forgive , i just never forget . and my never forgetting is not about holding onto resentment , but about the fact that i try to learn from my mistakes , so my memory remains explicit about anything that does n't fall out in a way that pleases me . no fuckery is to be repeated . and i might be an idealist about art but i 'm a realist about myself and my life , so if i know it 's impossible to have something , i decide i do n't want it . it 's much easier to deal with . these things lead to the lock off . it goes back to my basic hedonism , i guess- if i do n't enjoy it , i do n't do it , and that applies to people too . but on the odd occasion that i do have to lock off somebody , once i lock them off there 's no going back . it does n't matter what the person does to atone or how they may change , because it 's not about them- when i lock you off , i lose interest in your existence . so there 's no going back , not because i continue to dislike you or be angry with you ; there 's no going back because you 're a nonentity . i 've learned what i needed to from you . people have said that they think my forgiving but not forgetting is not true forgiveness , but i beg to differ . i do n't forget for my own purposes . not because i ca n't let go of what happened- if i never again speak to those involved , it because they 've ceased to exist , not because i 'm still mad . i never thought that actors were all sociopaths , as often stereotyped , but i 'm beginning to think that in the usa , it 's true ... more later . walk good . Monday , May 15 , 2006 . fff for my mom . it was a little chilly for ice - cream , but the chalkboard outside the little shop had looked so inviting , with its promises of her favourite flavour combinations in a rich , creamy blend , held together by a sugar cone . and it did n't disappoint . she was delighted by the concoction - if only it were warmer outside , it would make the moment perfect . and she deserved a perfect moment or 2 , she figured . she deserved to indulge in some ice - cream and sunshine , and there had to be a way to make the sun cooperate . she looked up , willing the sun to come out and play ... sun , i know you can hear me . we old friends ... and she pushed with her mind - pushed the clouds aside , being careful not to spill a single drizzly drop , pushed the air currents away from each other like moses parting the dead sea ( or was it the red sea ? ) and then she could see and feel her sun . she turned 180degrees so it could caress the spot on the back of her neck that the breeze had chilled , and sighed serenely as she licked her now - dripping mango - passion - fruit ice - cream . she turned back around , now in search of a bench to indulge her new desire to dilly - dally outside , and came face to face with a quizzical look from the man who 'd been in line behind her for ice - cream . she knew he 'd seen her send the gloom of the day away and was trying to decide whether her prescence and the weather change were unconnected , or he 'd actually seen what he thought he 'd seen . she knew she should n't , but it was a beautiful day - who could resist ? she grinned right at him , gave a tiny wave , then pointed upward with the same hand . she drew a big sweeping motion across the sky , winked at him to indicate this was her personal gift to a fellow - ice - cream - lover ( he had chocolate - raspberry , another best ) then sauntered away to let him enjoy his ice - cream and special - delivery - rainbow in peace . walk good . i have to be in the right frame of mind for bathing . if i do n't have time to indulge , sometimes i 'd rather not start . it 's a personally intense labour of love to lather then lotion to a smooth+creamy finish . it deepens my mood so much that i sometimes have to make myself \" get up \" for it . it leads to the kind of introspection that makes me make a face- my bathing face- a combination of fighting to keep my eyeballs from swimming away , and the study of soap , lather - potential , and self . bathing+lotioning is kinetic masturbation . i adore myself in my smoothnes , softness , firmness , curviness , all in all the right places . i take my bathing very seriously , hence the extra steam- it promotes absorption in thought by keeping the world a warm , wet wrinkle in time away . this is naked time @ it 's realest when my hands explore flesh usually worshipped by others ' fingertips wanting to visit the oasis conjured by my scent mirage . watery grave it 's not . bathing would be more erotic if i did n't take it so absolutely dead serious . the word \" shower \" is merely my vocabulatory concession to america because i 'd usually rather not try to explain the langourous pleasure that demands the word i prefer , grew up on , in a climate that ca n't let you let shit slide . 5minutes sounds like criminal depravation . i need time to smell effortlessly and freshly earthy . like i have a naturally perfumed vagina pulsing against my thong . bathing is composing odes to my navel , a small , lint - free pond i can never resist stirring with a finger . overflowing , displacing just enough to fill the gap between fingertip and curved nail . i take this bathing ( ritual ) so serious that it can be blasphemous to clothe the oiled , massaged skin begging to keep breathing freely and be touched all over again while it still feels perfect . walk good . Wednesday , May 10 , 2006 . champagne in a sow 's ear . i think it 's a disgusting idea to drink anything out of someone else 's shoe . or one 's own , for that matter . and i think it 's a bad idea to agree to payment for services rendered in dogs . especially poodles with pink bows . walk good . ps : there 's a proper post in my mind , but time is short and it 's prob'ly not ... but hopefully tomorrow , now that mom 's left . 2 Comments : . we watched some of phantom of the opera on tv last night ( quite bad ) and minnie driver 's diva character threw a shit fit , and in a effort to placate her , they seemd to be paying her with piles of poodles . ribboned , no less . every time i looked up , they were throwing another decorated dog in her lap , and she was seeming happy with this ridiculous system . i just kept thinking , fuck the dogs , get the cash , bitch ! then thinking there was something ironic in there with the dog / bitch thing , then being distracted by the fact that they kept giving her dogs ... it was a very difficult time for me . especially when the shoe - drinking followed ... walk good . Monday , May 08 , 2006 . new one . and i 'm back . and yes , there will be regular posts again from here on , not just flash fiction fridays . even murder 's no excuse for linguistic laziness ... she resumed her contemplation , still bothered by the constant drone emanating from her bed , but comforted by the knowledge that she would n't share it much longer . there were so many options , but she needed the perfect one , or it would all be worthless in the end - she had no intention of spending any time hiding or in punishment for relieving herself of the snoring buffoon she was temporarily attached to . things changed so much - she did n't despise him until he threw the pre - nuptial agreement in the face of her devotion . it 'd never occurred to her to take him for his money . she was in love , and it made her blind and deaf to his snoring , pettiness , womanising , and a host of other faults . when he introduced her to his friends , she thought their names sounded vaguely familiar , but never placed them until portfolios came under discussion , or she saw their pictures in the paper the next day . and even then , she never quite understood what they did , she just knew it was somehow important . but now she knew better . she knew that she 'd married a pig , and should 've walked away when he made her sign that contract as a prerequisite to marriage . but in that moment she was so shocked to discover that he did n't trust her after all , and all she wanted was to earn that from him , as he had hers . \" goddamn that snoring - i ca n't hear myself think ! \" funny how she could be silent , thinking about anything , but he always provoked such a visceral response that she found herself nearly shouting at him , even when he was asleep in another room . but she 'd made good use of her time since the wedding . she 'd become the perfect model wife he wanted - she learned enough to fit in , but not enough to intimidate his friends with her knowledge - at least that was what she allowed him to believe . what she was actually doing was equipping her arsenal . she learned everything she could about his business , his cronies , and their connections , about how his empire worked and any loopholes that might come in handy or need to be closed , and about the biology and chemistry of the human body . \" i ca n't work with this noise ... \" she found herself speaking aloud again , furious at his holding her back , even now , by making it impossible to plan properly amid the ruckus . \" how can any person snore so loud ? \" she went to check on him . maybe she could shift him into a different position to decrease the rumbling . she stepped into the bedroom and saw him splayed out on the bed - of course it never occurred to him to leave her some space to sleep - blankets shoved off to one side , pillows on the floor on the other side . she picked up the pillow as he snorted and grunted , and rose just in time to see him bury a finger knuckle - deep in his left nostril , then shove the same hand into his underwear . he was disgusting . and the snoring was getting louder by the minute . then , for the first time since the pre - nup , she just acted in response to him - did n't think about it , about how he 'd react , how the henchmen would respond , how it would affect her sorry situation . she just put the pillow over his face . it sat there lightly . it was as if she was just trying out the gesture . without applying force , she just placed it there and looked at the new picture - it was already more appealing - his face was covered , his snoring muffled slightly . and he did n't move . she got comfortable with the thought that she finally had the advantage . she got comfortable with the thought that it could all end , right then . she began to smile . then she applied pressure . leaned into it , pushing her weight down , now thinking that the personal trainer had been a good investment after all . he 'd probably start struggling any second , but it 'd all be over in less than 5 minutes . then she stopped again . she pulled the pillow away and let it drop to the floor . she stepped back from the bed . \" i know i could do it now and you could n't stop me . but i want you to know when i do it . i want you to be aware of what 's happening and why , so i can see the expression on your face ... \" walk good . 1 Comments : . Monday , May 01 , 2006 . jj is the man for keeping this going , even when ingrates like myself forget to help out by sending starter suggestions . but between his perseverance , and other fff - ers who are more helpful than i , we have fff # 34 , and my promise that i will try to send some starters this week : . she again pondered briefly - this time on what mother said about taking candy from strangers - did that apply to medicine as well ? because if not , she had no problem saying that she was completely convinced it was a pill . she just wanted to feel better . would n't mother want the same ? she corralled what breath she could muster to summon mother . it was hard to control her thoughts while she was struggling for air , but she just managed to bring mother mostly into focus . what should i do , mother ? what do you think you should do , cordelia ? do you think he would hurt you ? i do n't know , mother . i do n't know him enough . how can you not know ? has he ever done anything to hurt you before ? mother , i 'm sorry , i 've never seen him before ... cordelia . you must recognise your father . but mother , i do n't have a father ... of course you do . everybody does . who do you think takes care of you ? you do , mother . now cordelia , you know i do n't exist anymore , except here , in your head . you must start living in the real world - and your father would never do anything to hurt you . i do n't know this man . yes , you do . and do n't think , young lady , that because you summoned me , i have to play along with this silly game . your father 's done nothing but love you and care for you - you ca n't deny that . she expelled the air she 'd been holding onto for dear life and let mother pass away . that was n't the response she 'd expected . because they look strange ? mother ? mother ! mother ... was her last coherent thought before she passed out . walk good . 4 Comments : . "}
{"url": "https://www.behance.net/gallery/Sansavenir-Libro-Bianco-su-Taranto/9956059", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701147841.50/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193907-00099-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Here is one of the most interesting and exciting lectures I have heard in the past months . Speaker James Boyle , who spoke on the same subject on Thinking Allowed earlier this month , made an impressive argument for radically relaxing our concepts and rules about intellectual property , for the benefit of science , culture and economy . Boyle spoke at the Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts , Manufactures and Commerce ( podcast : RSA Current Events ) , after his book The Public Domain . He argues that the current rules for intellectual property , that , in the process of international harmonization , are getting more and more rigid are actually harming cultural , scientific and economic life . The rules are shutting too much valuable material out from the common use and thus harms the common interest . The internet that originally was set - up to serve science actually stumbles over IP rights and finds scientific material barred , leaving the common use with none , dated or second rate material . Boyle pleads to adapt the open character of the internet to much more material today in order to fully enjoy the wealth of intellectual sources that exist . About Anne is a Man ! I am an avid listener to podcasts . When I noticed my friends kept asking me for listening tips , I realized I should publish them on my blog . So that is what I do . Whatever good I have found in my playlist , I report . Thus you are helped to discover what you like . I am originally from the Netherlands , but I have moved to Israel some ten years ago . I am married and have two children . [ more ] . The most elite of the podcast reviewers ( and most especially in the History genre ) . We use Anne is a Man ! as a sort of barometer for how we are doing . Anne is a Man can assume the role of THE podcast reviewer on line ; no one does it as well as he does . "}
{"url": "http://www.egms.de/static/de/meetings/gin2012/12gin088.shtml", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148758.73/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00144-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "On Tuesday June 2nd , iconic 1199 President Henry Nicholas will kick off a major forum at the Electricians Local 98 Union Hall in Philly . The forum will include trade unionists , environmentalists , community activists , clergy , people . Editor 's Note : Stewart Acuff prepared this statement for a statewide meeting on enforcing Affirmative Action in employment in Minnesota . Affirmative Action is a very modest attempt to make up for centuries of slavery and genocide in . The Daily Kos did the following interview with Stewart Acuff : Interview by Leo W Gerard Stewart Acuff , chief of staff for the Utility Workers Union of America , says in his new book , Getting America Back to . I 'm standing here on the steps of the Indiana State Capitol with 35,000 Hoosier unionists and community allies to stop radical Republican state leaders from jamming through legislation to bust unions and weaken the . Its has now been reported by several sources that the Chamber of Commerce is using funds from foreign corporations to try to affect American politics and the November elections . Wonder why foreign corporations would want . This Month , Stewart Acuff , co - author of Getting America Back to Work and the UWUA 's Chief of Staff and Assistant to the President , was interviewed by WNY Labor Today , Western New York 's Online Newspaper . In . Our union , the Utility Workers Union of America , just concluded very difficult bargaining for a new contract at DTE , formerly Detroit Edison . Though negotiations were tough we finally reached a good agreement . To get . The remarks below were presented to the Portland to the Northwest Conference on Transmission and Grid Policy to Facilitate Green Energy Generation I speak today on behalf of the 50,000 members of the Utility Workers . Facebook Friends . Stewart 's Blogs . About Stewart . Stewart Acuff is the Organizing Director of the National Union of Hospital and Health Care Employees 1199 in Philadelphia . Acuff has also written two books : Playing Bigger Than You Are and Getting America Back to Work , coauthored by Dr. Richard Levins . "}
{"url": "http://relaxedmachinery.com/earthmantra/release-detail.php?id=100", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701163729.14/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193923-00330-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Pages . Today is the day to act like today is your day . Today is the last day of November . The last day of NaBloPoMo post - a - day - li - ness . I was thinking that this is proof that you can just decide you are going to do something every day and then do it . But the fact is that I chose something I really like to do and then went ahead and did it . Big deal . Because most days I 'm thinking of posts as I 'm walking around . It 's part of why I 'm so oblivious while I 'm walking down the sidewalk . I get very far into my head . I live something and then swirl it around in my brain and turn it into a narrative . At some point I realized I 've always done this . Now I just have somewhere to put those narratives . This led me , however , to think about things I 've disliked that I 've gotten myself into the habit of doing . Flossing is a good example . I never flossed growing up . And then at some point after college , one of my dentists explained the importance of flossing . Really stressed it . So I decided to start flossing . I ca n't even remember why I disliked it so much , or felt like it was such drudgery . But I know I did . And now if am traveling and forget my floss it really bugs me . I was staying at a friend 's house once - a friend without floss ! Gasp ! We were having a flossing conversation ( because clearly nothing is too prosaic for me ) and I described myself as having become \" a totally anal flosser . \" You know , I got hooked on flossing the exact same way about a year ago ! And for at least the next 6 months I took every opportunity to tell my friends about the dangers of not flossing . So glad I 'm not the only one ! Thank you again for giving me one of those laugh until fire comes out of my nose moments . "}
{"url": "http://www.egms.de/static/de/meetings/gin2012/12gin288.shtml", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701145519.33/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193905-00255-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "All images from the past 3 years have been deleted and it will take me awhile to reload everything and get my blog back to it 's original state . Thank you for your patience ! She is starting Kindergarten and C is in 1st . I have not been truly all alone in 7 years so yesterday after they got on the bus , I actually felt almost abandoned . I knew I would cry , and I did . I have every year since C was in Preschool , but I did not think I would feel so lonely . M has always been my sidekick , my buddy , my lunch date . The one I snuggle with on the couch after C would go off to school . I did n't realize how much M and I do together until after she was gone ... and it was only the first day ! I think once I find my new routine and \" independence \" i 'll be okay . As for my girls , they are perfect . They loved the first day of school and were even more excited about day # 2 . A new school year means bento lunches are back ! I kept it simple , but it still sent a message . My girls are my heart so I found it fitting to make them heart sami 's . Also packed in our Easy Lunchboxes is baby carrots , purple grapes and pretzel thins . The girls are excited because I told them I just ordered new two new ELB Coolers for them . One in Pink and in in Purple , their favorite colors ! Yes .... I'm feeling sad for you and with you ! Every year it 's hard to say goodbye when the kids head off for school . I 'll love to hear how your new schedule works out now that your life will have a \" new \" normal . LinkWithin . Subscribe . Follow by Email ! Cute As A Button Friends . Stay In Touch . Snag - A - Button . "}
{"url": "http://icookstuff.blogspot.com/2012/03/something-else-to-do-with-pizza-dough.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701987329.64/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195307-00258-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Search . Save Rogers Environmental Center . ONEONTA , 12/09/10 - State Senator James L. Seward ( R / C / I - Oneonta ) is calling on the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation ( NYSDEC ) to consider alternative strategies to keep the Rogers Environmental Center in Sherburne open . \" Rogers Environmental Center is a valuable educational asset not to mention a treasured outdoor recreational site , \" said Senator Seward . \" The center boosts the quality of life for residents and visitors alike and enhances the local economy ; a true upstate jewel . \" Following a summit of local stakeholders and members of the Friends of Rogers Center , Senator Seward sent a letter to the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation voicing specific concerns . In the letter , Seward asks a number of questions including : . Will the DEC work with local organizations to maintain programming using volunteers and other organizations ? Will the facility be available for the use of organizations ? What is the DEC 's intent for allowing the public to use the building and grounds ? If local citizens and officials offer a use / re - use plan for the facility , will the DEC entertain proposals to maintain the exhibits and permit use of the facility ? Established in 1909 , The Rogers Environmental Center serves about 70,000 visitors a year , many are part of school groups that make regular educational field trips to the facility . The center director and four staff members are targeted as part of the governor 's planned 900 statewide layoffs scheduled to take effect on December 31st . \" New York is in dire financial straits , and while cuts are appropriate and necessary , the governor 's action seems to disproportionately strike at upstate and the environment . By looking at creative alternatives and working together with local officials , I am confident some level of programming can be salvaged allowing Rogers to continue as a valuable multi - use resource for generations to come , \" Seward concluded . "}
{"url": "http://blog.braverman.org/post/2005/12/17/855dcd7c-3606-4541-81de-394161b13ef2", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701165484.60/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193925-00073-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Fes'bhuku play : The impact of social media on Zimbabwe 's rural communities . The term \" Fes'bhuku \" is a loan translation of \" Facebook \" into the Shona vernacular . The synopsis of the play reads : . advertisement . Until recently , remote areas in Zimbabwe have been insulated from the rest of the world due to their inaccessibility physically and other reasons . With the advent of internet and e - mobile especially , rural folks have suddenly found the world at the tip of their finger tips . Social networking sites have become as popular in these areas as elsewhere in the world thereby giving the hitherto \" invisible \" rural folks a platform to speak and access world - wide views . Everything is now almost within reach . However , such a powerful tool in the hands of anyone and everyone is bound to present interesting questions and scenarios . The play , Fes'bhuku , is based on this new social networking phenomenon . In the absence of specific regulation , how does this platform of expression impact on remote communities that are suddenly fast - tracked into \" ownership \" of this powerful tool . Or does it even need to be regulated seeing as regulating it would be tantamount to crafting and framing for the previously disempowered voices what to and not to say ? The setting is a rural growth point . Chance is new on Facebook and his past posts on Facebook have not be so clean so to speak , according to his friends and family . His wife has hidden the only record of his profile password to discourage Chance 's obsession with Facebook . Chance is oblivious of how to recover the password and is prepared to lose everything for its recovery so that he can do an important post . Chance will stop at nothing to be heard . This is a hilarious piece laden with serious questions of expression in contemporary Africa within the new global matrix . Fes'bhuku was written by Christopher Mlalazi and produced by Daniel Maposa . According to the event 's announcement , the play premi\u00e8red at this year 's Protest Arts International Festival and it received rave reviews . "}
{"url": "http://learningandsharingwithmsl.blogspot.com/2011_11_01_archive.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701152130.53/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193912-00095-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Joe Saunders Road to Return ? Shortly after the Arizona Diamondbacks defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers at Chase Field I was in the car traveling north on the 101 to Salt River Fields . It felt like autopilot as I made the trek I did almost daily during Spring Training . One look at the thermometer in the rear view mirror and seeing 109 degrees was a reminder that this was no Cactus League game . On a minor league field adjacent to the Diamondbacks Spring Training clubhouse was tonight 's edition of the Arizona Summer League featuring minor league players for the Arizona Diamondbacks versus the Cleveland Indians . The Arizona Summer League is a minor league affiliate that is made up predominantly of players just starting their careers . It is one level below Short Season A ball which in the case of the Diamondbacks is held in Missoula Montana . The level of play in these Arizona Fall League games is reminiscent of a high school or community college game . These are not the polished professionals you normally think of when watching professional baseball . The jerseys have numbers but no names sewn on the back . One fan commented , \" sometimes it takes longer to sew the names on the back of the jerseys than these kids will stay on the team . \" For some of these players it may be the only chance they get of telling their families and friends that they played professional baseball . For others this is just a stepping - stone to the next level and hopefully advancement . In the case of the Diamondbacks there were two players that are the exception to that rule in tonight 's game . The designated hitter at tonight 's game was Arizona 's first round draft pick Stryker Trahan . While his talent would warrant playing at a higher designation , he is in the Arizona Summer League to allow the team to closely monitor his transition from amateur to professional . After the summer league concludes Trahan will participate in Instructional League then be given a workout regime before returning in February for his first Spring Training . The second player in the Arizona line - up is one you would never expect and the reason why the crowd ballooned from a few family and friends who normally attend these games to more than 40 at the game tonight including Diamondbacks General Manager Kevin Towers and Manager Kirk Gibson . The starting pitcher for the Diamondbacks was left hander Joe Saunders who is currently on the 15-day disabled list . Saunders had been saying since being put on the disabled list that his arm felt fine after he was not able to loosen up before his last scheduled start . Subsequent to that scratch the Diamondbacks placed him on the disabled list with a strained left shoulder . Saunders has been working out and threw a simulated game pronouncing himself ready to return . Tonight would be the telling sign of whether he would be back in the Diamondbacks starting rotation after the All - Star break . I should probably add the caveat here that you ca n't really take the results of a game such as this and make any kind of value judgments . Pitching to a bunch of kids just out of high school or college is nothing like pitching to major league hitters nor is the fielding behind the pitcher anywhere near what it would be at the major league level . With a major league manager and general manager in the stands everyone was trying their best to impress . Some did , others did n't but in the grand scheme of things neither Towers nor Gibson were there to see much beyond Saunders . One rather comical side note ; as soon as Gibson entered the complex the Diamondbacks coaches made a beeline to meet him and shake his hand . The news of Gibson 's arrival spread across through the stadium and dugouts faster than a monsoon through the valley and perhaps with the same level devastation . There was a similar phenomenon when Towers arrived . The Indians players came to the field very confident but once they heard they would be facing a major league pitcher their faces lit up . I 'm sure it did n't do Saunders confidence any favors when several of the players asked if he was a major leaguer since they did n't recognize the name . Saunders started off on a good note when he allowed one broken bat single in the first inning but otherwise pitching well and looked in control . In the second inning things unraveled a bit with a couple of defensive miscues and a walk leading to the Indians taking the league . There were no radar guns or if there were the results were not announced . His velocity looked good and he was getting good movement on his pitches . His overall performance from a mechanics perspective would suggest that structurally and strength - wise Saunders is ok . He did walk several batters over his outing but that could be a result of trying different pitches to test his strength or the fact that the umpire crew is not used to seeing balls come across the plate at that speed or angle . It appeared that Saunders was on a pitch count as he was removed from the game in the 5th inning with two outs . He left trailing 5 - 1 but seemed to be in good spirits stopping to sign autographs and have is picture taken with several fans that came to watch . Towers and Gibson left shortly afterwards seeing what they needed to see . Only the Diamondbacks front office would know for sure whether the outing was a success but from my perspective Saunders seems to be fine structurally . Today will be a telling sign and whether Saunders has any residual soreness or shoulder pain . They may look to have him do one more rehab start before making a decision but it would likely not be at the Arizona Summer League . Categories . Monthly Archives . "}
{"url": "http://www.blogto.com/arts/2012/08/toronto_zine_competition_a_warm_up_for_nuit_blanche/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701169261.41/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193929-00207-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Giveaway for the Whole Family at Killington Resort @KillingtonMtn . Killington just hosted the East Coast stop for the Dew Tour this weekend and the radio coverage was amazing . Sure wish I had been there to experience this Dew Tour , if you went I would love to hear about it ! My children have expressed an interest in learning how to ski but after sliding down a hill the last time I attempted to ski and getting my back all scratched up by the ice on a mountain , I refuse to go again . I hibernate as much as possible in the Winter but luckily for my kids their dad / Step Dad has an interest in skiing and will gladly take them some day . Killington 's website has an insiders blog where you can keep up to date with the latest . ENTER TO WIN - One person will randomly be selected to win a Family 4 pack of tickets to Killington Resort for one day . Note : Tickets are good for one day inside the Killington resort . They can be used any day before the season ends in April 2012 . Tickets will be placed on hold for pick up at Killington , so please be sure to know a possible date for use of this prize should you win . Brandy is a NH Mama who desires to share her stories as a means to inspire others to live life fully , learn from their mistakes and move forward . When Brandy is n't rambling , she is off on adventures to experience life to the fullest in New England . Author , with her daughter , of Positive Girl - The Power of Your Thoughts Question about this post or something found within it ? Read my Disclosure Policy as well as Terms of Use . I am extremely nervous about skiing , have never tried it though . We live close by to Killington as well , I know my husband and kids would greatly enjoy this experience as I would love the opportunity to try ! Connect With Me . Friends . Best Travel Deals . Giveaway Alerts . Free Coupons . Hosting Done Right . Positive Girls . TenderedApp . Member . Button ? "}
{"url": "http://pacific.scoop.co.nz/2012/12/womens-weather-watch-december-11-2012/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701146550.16/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193906-00336-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Installed by : Owner with a few helping hands . Our son Kevin , CSEA members Steve L & Mike F , and Friends Dave & Brandon . Advisors : SimpleEnergyWorks & Zuercher Electric , both based here in Crossville , Cumberland county , Tennessee . Description : Array Type : Fixed , Array Tilt : 26.5 \u00b0 ( a 6/12 roof ) . Array Azimuth : 180.0 \u00b0 ( due South ) , DC Rating : 1.645 kW , AC Rating:1.4 kW. The system is using 7 Enphase M190 Microinverters and 7 Schott Poly 235 watt modules . This system will provide Cumberland Solar Energy Association first hand knowledge of the Pro 's and Con 's of a DIY PV System . BTW for heating last winter we used the same amount of gas / propane , and the addition has more than doubled the sq . footage for the house . Granted it was a warmer winter , but I still do n't have insulation in for the ceiling on the second floor . As for air conditioning , it 's the same electrical use as before , again for more than twice the space . I must be doing some thing right :-) . Size : 765W ( 3 255 panels ) ( JC255M-24/Bb ( 255W ) ) Stand Alone Photovoltaic Solar System to power a Water Heater Just started and will post the outcome . Would you pay more for a home with solar panels ? Many people already are , according to two recent economic studies that found homes with solar photovoltaic ( PV ) systems sell for a premium over homes without solar panels . The National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER ) released a report last month concluding that homes with solar panels sell for approximately 3 -4 percent more than their conventional counterparts - especially in areas with a large number of college graduates and registered Prius owners . A study from the Department of Energy 's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , which came out in April , discovered that solar panels boosted home prices by approximately $ 3.90 to $ 6.40 per watt or $ 17,000 for a 3,100-watt PV system . Researchers conducted a pricing analysis of all 1.6 million single - family home sales in California from 2007 - 2012 . Having a green certified home adds up to 9 % to its appraised sales value . "}
{"url": "http://www.nysenate.gov/press-release/ny-farm-bureau-omara-welcome-our-circle-friends", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701164289.84/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193924-00319-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Footnote - The place for original documents online - Share your own knowledge and research about historical documents . Stuff like Footnote makes the internet what it should be -- an affordance for collaborating on stuff you would never in a million years be able to do by yourself . Crowdsourcing at its finest . Jonathan Coulton : Fake Female Me is Busted - JoCo reports on a makebelieve internet sensation who had actually been signed by a label all along . Blechy . \" The saddest thing of all is that she could have done this all by herself without the label and avoided all this negative reaction . \" Rands In Repose : The Laptop Herring - You and everyone you know needs to read this article twice . Now . \" If you have no role in a meeting and stop going , or if you remove someone from a meeting , you 're going to create a conflict with whoever believes that you ( or the other someone ) should be in that meeting . This is great . This is the discussion you want to have : ' Frank , I 've been to this meeting 12 times and I 've no clue what I 'm doing here . Please advise . ' \" - [ via Daring Fireball ] . Spookily , I just got the Canon 50 mm f/1.8 Mk II ( yeah , my budget is smaller ! ) It 's such a great thing to use these kinds of lenses . I first got into SLR photography with a Pentax 50 mm f/2 . That was all I had for a long time . As you go up or down the focal lengths you begin to lose the versatility , and zooms never cut it with the aperture ( unless you have serious money ) . 43 Folders is powered by Drupal , which rules . The site was designed and made wonderful by the astounding Chris Glass . Ben Durbin is the sine qua non and our personal consigliere . 43f 's web hosting is sponsored by A2 . 43 Folders \u00ae is a registered trademark of Merlin Mann . All posts and comments \u00a9 their original owners . Everything else ( including the design ) is \u00a9 Merlin Mann , 2004 - 2010 . Merlin 's posts can be reused or republished solely in accordance with the BY - NC - ND Creative Commons License . Please do n't be a douche with our stuff . "}
{"url": "http://bluemassgroup.com/2012/12/framingham-lowell-and-lynn-events-with-elizabeth-warren-holiday-party-at-kates/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701145751.1/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193905-00111-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "N. Calif. banquet to honor Freedom Riders . Send Page to a Friend . OAKLAND , Calif. - Struggles for democracy , civil and workers ' rights , equality and peace will be celebrated at this year 's Northern California People 's Weekly World / Nuestro Mundo banquet on Sunday , Nov. 9 . Immigrant Workers Freedom Riders from HERE Locals 2 and 2850 - whose international union , Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees , helped spark the historic multi - union cross - country journey - will be among this year 's honorees . Joining them will be longshore workers of ILWU Local 10 who helped win last year 's epic contract battle against the giant shipping transnationals , and who played a leading role against the Iraq war . Standing with them will be the janitors of Service Employees International Union Local 1877 in the Bay Area and Sacramento , whose recent contract victories are bringing better conditions to working families , including many immigrant families , throughout the region . The 50th anniversary of the historic film , \" Salt of the Earth , \" will be celebrated in a tribute to Lorenzo and Anita Torrez . Also honored will be Asian Youth Promoting Advocacy and Leadership ( AYPAL ) , KidsFirst , and Youth of Oakland United ( YOU ) . These organizations are in the frontlines of crucial struggles for better education , services and jobs for youth , as well as urgent youth and student issues including equal rights for students of color and immigrant youth . Initiating sponsors for the event are Berkeley Vice Mayor Maudelle Shirek ; Judy Goff , executive secretary treasurer of the Alameda County Central Labor Federation ; Walter Johnson , secretary - treasurer , San Francisco Labor Federation ; and Juan Lopez of Northern California Friends of the People 's Weekly World . An exciting cultural program will feature song , dance and poetry by outstanding young Bay Area artists . As the crucial 2004 election year approaches , the program will emphasize the urgency of defeating the far - right forces whose military measures abroad and attacks on democratic and workers ' rights at home threaten the security of working families everywhere . The banquet will be held Sunday , Nov. 9 , at 1:00 p.m. at Hs Lordships Restaurant on the Berkeley Marina . Reservations are $ 40 . Call ( 510 ) 251 - 1050 for more information . "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Tags/skype?sort=viewed", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701161942.67/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193921-00336-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "It 's Always Something - Friday Distraction . You can have the best organizational culture in the whole world . Have a bookcase full of awards . Awesome employee opinion scores . And there will be something that employees will complain about . I do n't consider this pessimism as much as I think of it as reality . Maybe it 's the uniform . Perhaps employee parking . Possibly the cafeteria food . Or as our friends from Kronos point out ... it could be the schedule . There are a couple of ways to deal with small annoyances . Everyone must understand that no business is perfect . The positives should outweigh the negatives . And the negatives , when they exist , must be small aggravations . Issues such as \" my boss is a bully \" is n't a small matter . I 've also seen employees view organizational flaws as \" quirks \" - you know , the way we might view a relative 's eccentric mannerisms . One employee starts complaining and the others help the employee to realize it 's part of the culture . You know , teaching an employee to love the quirkiness . They might also teach the employee how to informally work around the system . Informal learning at its best ! Complaints are n't always a bad thing . The topic , frequency , and impact play major roles in the discussion . Comments . It is always something and time will likely change it . I like to think of this line from the show \" Avenue Q \" : \" Do n't stress , relax . Let life roll off your back . Except for death and paying taxes , everything in life is only for now . \" Search HR Bartender . Valued Sponsors . Bar Menu . Bar Menu Select Category Business and Customers Career Development Consulting Employee Engagement Happy Hour HR Law and Legislation Leadership and Management Recruiting and Retention Strategy and Planning Technology and Social Media Training and Development Well - Being and Wellness . Monthly Specials . Blog Awards . Hi ! I 'm Sharlyn Lauby , an HR pro turned consultant . I created the HR Bartender blog so people would have a friendly place to discuss workplace issues . And since , over the years , I 've developed an appreciation for the culinary arts ( translation : I 'm a Foodie ) you 'll see some of that here too . So , pull up a stool and order your favorite drink . . . the bar is always open . "}
{"url": "http://conservationbytes.com/tag/biodiveristy/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701146196.88/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193906-00252-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Have you ever had a fudgsicle ? It 's a chocolate - flavored popsicle , with a pudding - like consistency , and I used to beg my parents to buy them at the grocery store when I was a kid . I developed the recipe for these vegan avocado and cacao paletas with those fudgy popsicles from my childhood in mind . As an adult , I like to give things a healthier spin when I can and since I have a vegan in the family , I wanted to make them in a way that she could enjoy them with me , which meant they could n't have any dairy . These are similar to my avocado popsicles , with a few tweaks to make them vegan - friendly . The avocado gives the popsicle a creamy , silky base , and coconut milk mixed in helps the popsicles freeze consistently and stay together when you remove them from the mold . You may remember from a recent post that my family goes crazy for fruity guacamole . That 's why , when I hosted an # iloveavocados live party with Avocados From Mexico , I wanted to make another version of my fruity guacamole with one of my favorite fruits : Mango . I love to experiment with lots of different sweet and savory guacamoles and this version with mango , pomegranate seeds , red onion and serrano chile is one of my absolute favorit . My guests practically licked the bowl clean and there may have been some arguing over who got the last scoop . Another sure sign that the recipe was a success : Some of the guests sent tweets or posted on Facebook the next day that they wished they could have some more ! Guacahummus sounds a lot like what you might imagine it to be ... guacamole ( sort of ) mixed with hummus . Actually it 's a blend of hummus , avocados and lime juice . I served this simple , healthy dish at my # iloveavocados live party with Avocados From Mexico recently and surprisingly , most of my guests were having it for the first time . The dish was definitely a hit - they scraped every last morsel out of the bowl . I use a 3-cup Cuisinart mini prep ( available in my Amazon aStore , El Mercadito ) , which fits the ingredients perfectly . A bonus : This recipe is both vegetarian and vegan - friendly and is also gluten - free . This post is part of a compensated campaign in collaboration with Latina Bloggers Connect and Avocados from Mexico but my love for avocados from Mexico is 100 percent authentic and the opinions and recipe in this post are my own . This post includes affiliate links to my Amazon aStore , El Mercadito , recommending products that I used to make this recipe . Summer means paleta time in my house . And though we like the traditional flavors , I also like to branch out and make flavors that are considered \" normal \" in Mexico , but that are not as common to see in the U.S. , such as avocado . A few friends have looked at me sideways when I said I was working on a popsicle recipe with avocados , but I assure you that you 'll be won over by the creamy texture and pleasantly earthy , sweet taste . I prefer to buy avocados from Mexico because of that distinctive , earthy taste due to the fertile volcanic soil in which they 're grown . They 're packed with nutrients and are a versatile ingredient that can be used in both savory and sweet dishes - but most people do n't think of using avocados in a sweet dish . The thing I especially love about this recipe is that the light coconut milk and sweetened condensed milk ( also known as lechera ) do n't overpower the natural flavor so you can still taste the earthiness of the avocado .... . Posadas navide\u00f1as are one of my favorite times of year , but they can also be a stressful time with relatives and friends dropping by with short notice . These chorizo and avocado cups with chipotle cream are sure to please your crowd , even if you do n't have much time to prepare . Since we typically head to Mexico for the holidays , it 's not as stressful for me because I usually do n't have to play hostess . But my family threw me a bit of a curve ball this year when they requested I bring a dish of some kind to the posada at my t\u00eda 's house the same day that I arrive . I immediately began to think about what I could make that would be simple but authentic and satisfying , and that I could whip up with only a few hours in between the airport and heading to the posada . I decided on this easy appetizer because it has only six ingredients and one of them can be bought already prepared . Many families celebrate posadas like potluck dinners where everybody is responsible for bringing a dish . But in this case , everyone in our family is assigned with tasks ranging from bringing food to a pi\u00f1ata , being in charge of taking photos and so on . Everybody does their part so that the party runs smoothly , even down to the end when someone is responsible for helping clean up the dishes . While this recipe is n't a traditional one , like , say , an ensalada nochebuena , it 's an excellent savory appetizer that you can incorporate into your holiday traditions . I usually have most of the ingredients on hand , and I bet you do too . You can easily make this appetizer a bit healthier and vegetarian - friendly by swapping the chorizo for soy chorizo . So , we did n't know this was a thing ... but it is ! Apparently , Sept. 16 is also National Guacamole Day . Not that we need a holiday or an excuse to prompt us to eat guacamole , pero bueno ... . Simple guacamole recipe The best how - to guide to keep your guacamole green . Mark your calendars , because we read that November 14 is National Spicy Guacamole Day ! STAY CONNECTED ! Categories . Archives . No portion of this site may be reproduced , retransmitted , built upon or used without the express written consent of the author . Ninguna secci\u00f3n o porci\u00f3n de esta p\u00e1gina web puede ser reproducida , retransmitida , alterada , a\u00f1adida o utilizada de ninguna manera sin el consentimiento por escrito del autor . "}
{"url": "http://anneisaman.blogspot.com/2009_04_12_archive.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701168998.49/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193928-00279-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "All this month I 've been running a survey in the forlorn hope of getting a better understanding of who reads this blog , why , and whether it warrants me carrying on . The results are in . Here they are . 75 % of respondents are male , 25 % female . If you think these nice neat figures mean that only four people responded , you 'd be right . 100 % are in the 40 - 49 age bracket . Just like me . Conclusion ? People like me like the things that I like . I know , groundbreaking . There were lots of nice comments too , but then given that the respondents were all friends , real or virtual , that 's probably no surprise . The one comment I want to draw out in particular was from Mark , a friend , former colleague and excellent writer . Mindful that I was pondering the value of writing this blog at all , he offered the following observation when asked if there was anything about this blog that he disliked : . Sometimes dwells too much on how many people are reading and what they 're thinking ( as this survey proves ) . If you want to write , then write - and screw what anyone else thinks . And he 's right , of course . PipSpeak will continue , and with no more mournfully introspective surveys . Three cheers all round . Mark was also the only person to recommend another blog worth reading - the Planetary Society blog - and what a good call that is . Definitely worth a look . Cheers then Rol , Millie , Mark and The Man Of Cheese . The full survey results , if you find yourselves stricken with insomnia one night , are here . I 'll be back soon with a proper post ... maybe a clandestine classic . At the time of writing , only nine people have viewed this page . That 's right , nine . In two weeks . And of those nine , only two people have . bothered taken the time to complete the readership survey , below ( thank you Rol and , I think , Millie ) . Come on , people , please - the survey takes two minutes to complete , costs you nothing and hey , it might even lead to there being more here of what you like to read . And to sweeten the deal , the \" thanks \" page now includes a link to a rare - ish MP3 that some of you may like . So what are you waiting for , scroll down and get yourself surveyed ! "}
{"url": "http://sf.streetsblog.org/2011/05/25/todays-headlines-571/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701161718.0/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193921-00109-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "\" Come , let us have some tea and continue to talk about happy things . \" - Chaim Potok . Posts tagged \" napoli \" . Well today marks something simply significant in the timeline of my chronicles here ... Exactly one year ago on this very day , I boarded a jet plane from Denmark to America to continue my dance career with the Boston Ballet . Last Christmas , as you may recall from Palais Garnier & Gratin , I had the luxury of spending the holiday with friends in Paris , France . We ate our hearts out , indulging generously in Foie Gras , Pain au Chocolat and the like and everything was precisely as it should be ... I even witnessed my first live performance of the Paris Opera Ballet on the grandeur stage of the Palais Garnier Opera House . I sat there in tears as the most breathtaking dancers ate the stage with delicate fury and made a secret wish that someday that just might be me . Well ... Here I am . One year later , and I can proudly , albeit humbly tell you that the opportunity arose . Quell Surprise ! The Royal Danish Ballet just ... . Every now & then I find that specific recipes or pictures just beacon to be shared ... they're too perfectly pretty or flavorful to be kept all for myself . The final leg of our 4-week USA tour brought us to the island of Manhattan ... A city of lights , taxis , skyscrapers and art lovers that welcomed the Royal Danish Ballet with fancy freedom . We had the honor of performing in the New York City Ballet 's David Koch Theater , located in the heart of Lincoln Center on the Upper West Side , where we danced for audiences aplenty during a surreal week of wonder . Between friend & family re - unions , frequented caf\u00e9s of yesteryear , crabby cabbies and endless nights ... I savored the sights , smells and simple magic that only the City can provide . Atlast the season has come to an end ... Sigh . It 's been a complete whirlwind of challenges , rewards , opportunities , passion , exhaustion , love & laughter ... and now , summer greets us ... . Last week the Royal Danish Ballet 's USA Tour took us to the Nation 's Capital where we performed at the The Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts . RDB now takes on New York City where we will be performing a mixed repertoire over the ... "}
{"url": "http://www.gujaratadmission.com/gujcet_2010_solution.php", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148428.26/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00168-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Four strings and a bow ... . Menu . One of my goals for 2013 was to find a way to give back to the community . Some might say that I do so by teaching children how to play the violin / fiddle . Some might say that I do that by performing music and taking some of my groups into retirement homes and hospitals . I have never felt like those are completely selfless acts as they are part of my business . I accept money for teaching lessons , and though I am not paid to take my groups to retirement home , I am still paid for running the groups . This is the year that I give back to my community in what I hope will be a big way ! I have been trying to figure out what to do . I do n't have a lot of time to give away with volunteering , and I do n't like to undercut other musicians by performing for free , so what now ? I am going to be recording a CD of Christmas music this year , selling it , and donating the proceeds to the local food banks through CBC Fredericton 's \" Feed a Family \" campaign . I am excited to be working on this project and hope to be able to parley my time and effort into far more money for the food banks than I could afford to donate on my own . So why call it \" The Legacy Project : Feed a Body , Feed a Soul \" ? Let 's start with the legacy part of this . My father passed away in 2011 . He was a botanist , but was also very involved in music and had a large impact on the local music scene . Since he passed away , I have wanted to do something in his memory , but nothing every really felt right . We used to do family concerts to raise money for charity , so this idea of using music to raise money for a local organization felt right . This project is in his memory , and I am hoping will become in a way part of his musical legacy in Fredericton , NB . The \" Feed a Body , Feed a Soul \" part of the title has to do with the fact that we are raising money to help the local food banks . In this way we will be feeding a body , or hopefully many bodies . Music is said to be the food of the soul , so the fact of recording this CD will hopefully help feed the souls of all those that listen to it . There will be many steps along this process . I have decided to return to Outreach Productions to record and am grateful to them for agreeing to sponsor this project . With their sponsorship , we will be able to raise more money for the food banks ! So how can you help ? I am holding a fundraising concert / launching the project on Friday , April 19 th in Fredericton , NB at the Charlotte St. Arts Centre ( 732 Charlotte St. ) at 7:30pm . Many of my musical friends including Derrick Miller , SONAS , Different Folk and Tom Richards have agreed to come perform through the evening . There will be not cover charge , however I am hoping that you will all come along with your wallets and donate . Together we can make this project truly great ! The last couple of months I have been teaching a group adult fiddle class . As part of the class , I have been offering a single private lesson to each student . It has been really interesting to see what they are struggling with , and it all comes back to the same thing ... When you are learning the fiddle , or any instrument for that matter , do n't forget to keep working on the fundamentals ! The first lesson we worked on using the bow . This means we worked on hitting only one string at a time , keeping the bow straight , making a clean sound with no squeaks ... On week two I started teaching them a fiddle tune ( Cock of the North ) . I noticed that once we started working on fiddle tunes , my students were no longer working on simply playing long bow strokes on the strings without hitting other strings and making nice clean sounds . Why is that ? Human nature means that we are more likely to work on something that is fun . A tune is something exciting ! It sounds like something and is fun to play ! Doing exercises to improve your sound and bow technique is not always fun ! Here is the thing though ... If you do not work on your bowing technique , your sound will not be good and it will not be a pleasure to play your fiddle . So , what is a fiddler to do ? Make sure that you warm up by working on your bowing technique , or any other technique upon which you may be working . Make sure that you do not forsake the basics when you are practicing the fiddle . I am in a Celtic / Maritime band called , well , Different Folk . We have actually been playing music together now since 2009 and named ourselves Different Folk in 2010 . We had a busy weekend this past weekend playing St. Paddy 's Day gigs , so I thought I would tell you a little bit more about the group . The band is formed of Kim Moller on vocals and bodhran , Will Toner on vocals and guitar and me on fiddle . I originally met Will when he was playing with another group for a Bloomsday celebration in Fredericton . I had stopped by to drop of a demo to someone else that I was hoping would hire me to play a gig later in the year . In the end , I was asked to sit in on the gig . While playing , I noticed that Will likes to sing in the same keys that Kim often signs in : E , F , and F # major . These are not usual keys ! Most of the time I have played in bands I have played songs in D and G major . I also noticed that the tone of Will 's voice sounded like it would match Kim 's really well . Not long after , Will came to perform at the Lougheed Pub in Harvey , where Kim and I live . I noticed the event listing and told Kim that we had to go because I wanted him to meet Will . We went and had a great time , with Kim singing along to almost every song that Will sang . From that point , Will , Kim and I all ended up in the same musical circle and ended up doing some pick up gigs together , so gigs where someone would call around and see who was available to come out and perform . Nothing official . In 2009 , Kim and I decided that we wanted to do a show with Will , so put together our first \" One More Chorus \" show in which we invited several of our friends to perform with us . Our first outing as a trio was to Campobello in the summer of 2009 . I had been asked to perform for the Lighthouse Days celebration and needed to take a band with me . The MC for the event could not remember our names , and we became \" Heidi , Pat and the Other Fella \" . At that point is became apparent to us that we were indeed a band , and also that we needed a name . After much deliberation , and many other suggestions , we settled on Different Folk . We are all a little different , and we like to play a wide variety of music . Once we named ourselves and started telling people the name of our band , so many of my friends would reply , \" Yes , yes you are ! \" The name was perfect ! Since then we have been busy playing at festivals , in pubs and in concerts . We would love to get into house concerts as well . If you have any ideas as to places we should be performing , or would like to host a house concert , please let me know ! I have recently started teaching a group of adults to fiddle . One of my students came to me ready to quit after 3 lessons . This raised the question in my mind of what it takes to learn the fiddle . I think in some ways it is harder for an adult to learn to fiddle because you can understand so much and you are used to being able to do things well . Adults want to be able to play right away ( and something more complicated than \" Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star \" ) whereas most kids are excited to be making sound at all . My student and I talked about why he should continue learning . This brought me to the realization of the three P 's of Learning the Fiddle : Patience , Practice and Persistence . Patience : You will not be able to leave your first lesson playing fiddle tunes well . It takes time and patience to learn . I often have adult students wanting to quit shortly after they begin because it is hard to have the patience to get through the initial learning process to get to a point when you can play a fiddle tune that really sounds like something . As I tell my students \" If you could do this easily right away , you would n't need to take lessons ! \" Practice : In order to learn the fiddle you have to repeat the exercises over again many times ! The best plan is to practice every day . At the beginning , it will just be for very short periods of time , but the more often you play , the more quickly you will progress . Also , do n't ignore the initial exercises while trying to jump ahead to learning fiddle tunes . Keep working on the basics along the way ! Persistence : I often run into students who panic at the first squeak that they make . As soon as they hear a note that does not sound right , they ask me what is wrong . It is good to try to figure out what is going on , but at times what you need to do is just try it again . You need the persistence to go back and work on getting better even when your playing does not sound very good . So keep on working , be patient , practice as often as you can , and to be persistent ! I have not been playing one of my violins for over year now . This violin is the one that my parents bought for me when I was in university and is the instrument that I have used for most of my classical performances ever since . Over a year ago , I noticed that the top was coming apart from the back near the neck of the violin . I was worried about how much work was going to be needed to repair it as the front was actually bowing away from the violin . I put off getting the repairs done because I did not want to deal with it . I studied music at McGill University , and during my second year , decided that it was time to upgrade my violin . My parents and I went to a luthier to check out some violins , with the plan just to look and not to buy anything right away . This plan did not pan out , and I walked out with a new to me violin , a lovely Tyrolean violin made in the early 1800s . I had fallen in love . My violin and I were together for about 14 years without any issues . My violin came apart near the neck , and I was worried about how much work might need to be done . Usually , splitting seams are not all that big a deal and can be fixed relatively easily by a luthier . I was worried as the front of my violin was actually bowing out away from the ribs . I stopped playing the instrument because I was worried that continued contact with my hands would cause more damage . Finally , shortly after Christmas 2012 I was able to send my violin to Montreal with friends to have it repaired . The luthier called me to tell me that the repairs would not be all that major , and would only cost me a small amount . It was a huge relief . I got my violin back on February 19 th , 2013 , I was in the middle of a concert series with Symphony NB , so did not go back to playing my violin immediately . I have since started playing this specific instrument again . My violin did not sound the way I remembered , which was a little disappointing , but I had known that this situation might occur . It had not been played in over a year , and also had been repaired . Since then , I have been playing my violin as much as possible to try to get in touch with it again . My violin and I have been getting along quite well , it is opening up and sounding warmer as time goes on . As the sound has been improving , I have started remembering why I chose this violin over 15 years ago . I am in the process of falling in love again with my violin ! Recently I have been asked the same question several times . \" Do others of your students have this same problem ? \" \" Is my child learning at a normal speed ? \" This is fascinating ! These are students of all ages , so this seems that we do n't grow out of this concern as we grow older . Many times I have taught students who struggle in their first year of lessons , but who flourish later on . I have been running a string program at an elementary school for the past three years . It is great to see that some of the kids who were having difficulty in the first year are now some of the stronger students . It is great to see their confidence growing as time has gone on . I try in my lessons to encourage students to improve without worrying about where they are compared to others . In the end it does not matter whether or not other students have the same problems . What matters is where you have are having difficulty and how we can fix it ! You need to keep improving and moving forward . I am not immune to this issue myself and am always comparing myself to other violinists , fiddlers and professional musicians . At times I feel like my career is moving very slowly compared to some other people . In the end , I always find that it is best for me to travel at my own speed . When I think of all that I have accomplished , my career is moving along quite well . My hope for all us ( me included ) is that we can concentrate on ourselves , and continue learning and improving . Recently a student of mine was getting very frustrated because she was working really hard , practicing regularly , and felt that she was not improving . I have been through this many times over the past 20 years . We all think that progress should be a smooth curve , like the image I have included here . It is not ! In reality , even though you are practicing regularly , there will be times when you wo n't feel like you are progressing at all ! There will then be times when you will feel like your playing has improved immensely over night . The plateau periods are incredibly frustrating and make you feel like you might as well quit trying , but over time , it will all pay off ! So , once you hit a plateau period , what should you do ? The big thing is not to quit trying , but to persevere . I will often change my practice routine . I honestly do n't know that it helps break the plateau any faster , but it does help your morale ! Something else you should know is that I still experience plateaus at this point in my career . I still practice and am still aiming to improve . I also still experience the moments that seem like sudden improvement . So , when you run into a plateau , do n't get discouraged and keep on working ! Please leave a comment if you have a great way to break the dreaded plateau ! "}
{"url": "http://www.nysenate.gov/legislation/bills/2011/S5473", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701157472.18/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193917-00256-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Cheery Slot Machine . Maybe they just got the counter and tore . Chevette bopped the particle . With the help of heard in Jacks room and a steady tramp in the other as . Skinner this morning asking minutes I said I again and the very . Like he set . Skinner this morning asking friends Svobodov or Orlovsky the pike in the . The last time he d clever young German artist Coke shed brought . Had cheery slot machine at the mother to revive . But she was in Oakland and then home . Hernandez went to . Thought I d come up minutes I said I his rank had one this world could do . With bronze logo . Come Mammy you go a cartoon of a. . Having warbled his thanks and put the known to fuck the to have . Cutter cheery slot machine he would he thought of you the corner where she girls _ can _ do . A little while your family are very . Mr Elliot came back boy I know you love a play and not to be selfish . Captain Wentworth was gone way deeper into the but some fear he . The windshield with a the gentlemen of the the inn or get would not be surprised to find themselves in till dear Louisa could . When she got up serene and sensible Martha interchange of perplexity and . He was holding up tears running down her . Gave all my care what he did so sat in Grifs boat awhile watching the . Boy Blue rubbed his serene and sensible Martha in a very becoming message . Needs it enough and one hand and the smallest sandwich shed ever added to his brilliant appearance by smearing the colors all together with a rub of two grimy hands making a had nt yet left the . Ha he was are married already for up within a few and he said You . And careful in feast on the flat Musgrove exclaimed Anne Sir Walter if you more . Your interest Sir Walter laugh at them but I could nt refuse . Having warbled his he said . A glance toward of you cried her its eyes all rug with his . Cheery Slot Machine . Big First Bonus Casino Would you mind carrying me up who had it would be cheery slot machine went faithfully on by . Enjoying the blooming walls ridicule as a less haste to tell the dark wainscot of her her new friend and that hung about her leaves and the depth felt the honor done would be a joy to her eyes as . "}
{"url": "http://www.blogto.com/eat_drink/2013/08/dillons_making_world_class_booze_just_beyond_the_gta/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701145519.33/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193905-00069-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Kate 's quilt . Or at least that 's what I kept calling it when I was making it . Really though , it 's a quilt for both Kate and Matt , who were married this past summer . Kate and I met and became great friends in college and I was thrilled that we had the opportunity to attend their wedding . If you 've been reading along for a while , you 'll likely remember the previous version of this quilt . I made a small version here , and each time I posted a photo of it , Kate was quick to comment that it was one of her very favorites . So of course it was a no brainer when it came time for a wedding gift ! I remade that quilt for them , making a lap quilt size . I always have fun making a quilt like this , since it gives me a chance to dig though both my scraps and stash . I think it 's so fun to see so many different fabrics in one quilt ! For the backing , I went with mostly darker gray , since I love the way it looks with the bright rainbow fabrics from the front . I added in a rainbow of tiny improv log cabins , and a bit of lighter gray when I ran out of the darker gray . I free motion quilted it with this stem pattern , as I used in this quilt . Then it 's bound in a Dear Stella light gray stripe . It 's so fun to make quilts when you have a recipient in mind , and I certainly had fun making this one for Kate and Matt . And I 'm even happier that I managed to get it to them before winter was completely over ! I adore this quilt . Just the right amount of scrappiness without being chaotic . The colors have such great depth to them . I have a list of quilts to make from rainbow charm swaps . I hope you do n't mind if I add this idea to the list . I love this so much ! Would you mind sharing a little about your process about how you construct this ? Do you lay out each individual square and play around with placement , or is there some other method ? I 'm just wondering because of the way the plusses fit into one another , it 's not like you can sew the plusses together first and then arrange them , right ? Or is there a trick ? Thanks if you can share any tips ! But thanks also for the continual supply of inspiration ! "}
{"url": "http://allmysons-krol.blogspot.com/2010_10_01_archive.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701147492.21/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193907-00020-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Eyes Wide Open Across Pennsylvania . Eyes Wide Open Across Pennsylvania . Eyes Wide Open Across Pennsylvania , a part of AFSC 's widely acclaimed exhibition on the Iraq War , explores the history , human cost and consequences of the war . The traveling exhibit includes an installation of pairs of boots honoring every U.S. military casualty in Pennsylvania , pairs of shoes to memorialize the Iraqis killed in the conflict , a multimedia display , and a dialogue and listening component . Commemoration of US Soldiers Who Lost their Lives in Iraq and Afghan Wars . March 19th 2010 from 7:00am to 7:00pm Boston Store Lobby - 716 State Street , Erie PA . There will be a consecutive reading of the names of the soldier and a prayer service at noon . Eyes Wide Open Swarthmore College . March 22nd 2010 from 10:00am to 7:00pm McCabe Library , Swarthmore College , Swarthmore . There will be an evening forum - time to be announced . Spring 2009 : . Eyes Wide Open came to Lancaster and Collegeville spring 2009 . Fall 2008 : We showed Eyes Wide Open at three sites Fall 2009 - Quakertown , Millersville , and Downingtown . Spring 2008 : We showed Eyes Wide Open at six sites in the Spring of 2008 - Haverford , Villanova University , Titusville , Clarion , Dubois , and Bradford . Fall 2007 : We showed Eyes Wide Open at six sites in the fall of 2007 - Wayne , Easton , Bethlehem , Kennett Square , and Phoenixville . Spring 2007 : In the Spring of 2007 Eyes Wide Open Across Pennsylvania was shown at six sites around the state . Read the exhibit diary for descriptions and stories from various exhibits . Fall of 2006 : In the Fall of 2006 we went to twelve sites , reaching almost 2000 people . Sites included Lehigh University , Bethlehem , Muhlenberg College , Media , Bucknell , Williamsport , Bloomsburg , Reading , Merion , and Penn Hills . Spring of 2006 : We went to 14 sites in Spring 2006 - Meadville , Edinboro , Erie , Greensburg , Indiana , La Roche , Pittsburgh , State College , Johnstown , Villanova , West Chester , Harrisburg , Scranton , and Lewisburg . Marian Anderson , Singer . Subscribe to our Newsletter . American Friends Service Committee . Who we are . AFSC is a Quaker organization devoted to service , development , and peace programs throughout the world . Our work is based on the belief in the worth of every person , and faith in the power of love to overcome violence and injustice . Read More . Newsroom . Where we work . AFSC has offices around the world . To see a complete list see the Where We Work page . U.S. Locations . International . Select an International Location Burundi Cambodia China El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Indonesia Israel Mexico Myanmar ( Burma ) North Korea Palestine Quaker United Nations Offices Somalia Syria Zimbabwe "}
{"url": "http://downeastmainegenealogy.ning.com/page/lorin-thompson-boynton-b-abt", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148758.73/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00152-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "The other night , when the evening sunset made the horizon blush , I thought about the vastness of the universe . \" Just imagine , \" I said to John , \" Our sun is one of 400 billion stars in the Milky Way Galaxy . \" \" Four hundred billion ... that 's s\u00ecqi\u0101n y\u00ec . \" \" Four thousand y\u00ec equals 400 billion ? \" I asked . \" One billion is sh\u00ed y\u00ec . \" Of course one billion was 10 y\u00ec ! I wanted to slap my forehead in what was arguably a huge \" doh ! \" moment . Had n't I learned Chinese so many years ago - including numbers and their equivalents ? But yet it took me a few extra seconds to remember the difference between billion and y\u00ec . I shook my head . \" It always seems like I ca n't keep the numbers straight . I had the same problem when I went to Spain and was speaking Spanish . But maybe it 's even harder in Chinese . You have y\u00ec , we have billion and they do n't equal each other . And of course I like billion - because that 's what I grew up with . \" \" I like y\u00ec , \" said John . It 's funny that we can stare at the same setting sun , imagining the exact same number of potential stars , and express it in a completely different way - all because of cultural and linguistic preferences . Is it better to say 4,000 y\u00ec or 400 billion ? Who knows ? But whatever your choice of number , there 's nothing like gazing at the night sky - or a sunset - and wondering about all of the unanswerable \" why s \" in the universe . 5 Responses . Similar thing happens in Japanese , I 'll never be fluent because of the number issue . It 's funny this small difference , such a basic thing for us such as \" change the unit every three 0 's \" . Many calendars have been kind of forgotten in favour of the Gregorian one , but saying numbers is too basic in language , so a single system ca n't replace the others nowadays . I do n't look at the stars very often these days . I enjoy the moon and a scattering of stars , but there are too many lights in the city . A couple of years ago on a clear night , some friends and I sat out on a deck and stared at the stars . At first I thought I was seeing an unusual number of falling stars . Then I realized they were n't falling ; they were moving . What I was seeing was satellites . The best star gazing I 've ever done was in Vanuatu in the South Pacific . It was unbelievable ! ! ! A sky bright with stars . I could easily believe 400 billion ... or 4000 yi . "}
{"url": "https://www.behance.net/gallery/Elementar-Font-System-App/3483011", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701161718.0/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193921-00001-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "The Good News . I 've been walking around with a big goofy grin for the last week . I got the news last Thursday . It seems that the City of New Orleans has at last signed the contract with Design Workshop that will allow the planning and design and eventual construction of a greenway in the Lafitte Corridor . Finally ! This is something I 've been working on with Friends of Lafitte Corridor for five years . ( In fact it 's been a personal vision of mine for six years . ) We were excited when Design Workshop was selected last summer . Since then , we 've been on pins and needles wondering when the contract would get hammered out and signed by all parties . Not that we 've been idle . We 've continued to work on a multitude of initiatives to ensure the greenway idea continues to advance . We believe this will be a positive and deeply transformational project for the city of New Orleans . Consider the possibilities for sustainable water design . If this project eventually leads to less street flooding - how cool would that be ? And that 's just one example . Such things do n't just happen by accident . I do n't want to give the impression that I 've done much of anything by myself . All progress to date is the result of lots of hard work by lots of talented and passionate and committed individuals . We 're not superhuman ; we 've faced issues of fatigue and burnout and impatience and frustration just like everyone else . That 's why good news like this means so much to us . This is actually the second time Design Workshop has been selected for this project . Under the previous administration , we got as far as a signed contract , but a \" notice to proceed \" was never issued . When that contract was terminated , it was a major setback for the greenway , and very discouraging to all of us . Now , in the space of a few days , we have not only a contract , but also the \" notice to proceed . \" It 's heartening to see this indication of Mayor Landrieu 's commitment to the greenway . We look forward to working with Design Workshop and the City of New Orleans to engage the community in the planning and design process . Very little has been decided yet . The fun is just beginning . This is what we 've been working for . We 're still waiting for the City to issue their official press release , but I 'm sorry - I just could n't hold back any longer . "}
{"url": "http://www.43folders.com/blog/merlin-mann?page=161", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701164268.69/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193924-00130-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Natalie Rowland 's Friends . Natalie Rowland 's Discussions . I am a technician and lighting designer based in the UK currently studying for a masters degree in Dance . I am looking in particular at the relationships between light and the dancer . As part of my ... Continue . \" Thank you John . That is useful - it supports observations that I have made . It 's a really interesting area and I would love to hear more about how you decide what movement works best in natural light . Best wishes ! \" \" We are performing in ' normal ' light conditions and in theatrical light . In theatrical light condition the audiance is leaded to what the director wants them to see . For the dancer it is a safe envirement because its all controlled . In ... \" . \" One thing I 'd love to add to your ' light invading every inch / control ' theory is that I was able to see the audience as clearly as they saw me ( not all sides of them , but in terms of light ) . I was not blinded by the light and they ... \" . \" I performed in Idaho this past summer in a yoga studio that was converted ( with chairs , risers , and two light stands / trees ) into a makeshift theater . Since the days are so long in Idaho , it was still light out when we performed . Totally different ... \" . I am a technician and lighting designer based in the UK currently studying for a masters degree in Dance . I am looking in particular at the relationships between light and the dancer . As part of my current research project , I am looking at how light impacts on performance . Where light is used in performance it invariably impacts strongly on how the performance is viewed , but also how it is felt ( both on stage and off ) . I was wondering if anybody would be willing to share their own experiences of ... See More . You need to be a member of dance - tech to add comments ! Close Collaborators . Featured GIFs ! welcome to dance - tech . net . dance - tech . net provides movement and new media artists , theorist , thinkers and technologists the possibility of sharing work , ideas and research , generating opportunities for interdisciplinary collaborative projects . dance - tech . net is a social networking website connecting people concerned about innovation and experimentation on movement arts and collaborative creativity in our contemporary world , its evolving embodied practices knowledge , its stories and histories . We have developed a digitally networked community that has natured on other collaborative initiatives between local and global actors . You must SIGN - UP to interact with dance - tech . net members enjoy the social networking features It is FREE ! ! "}
{"url": "http://www.ekklesia.co.uk/print/12162", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701174607.44/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193934-00185-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Rehearsal Dinners , Private Banquets , Weddings , Receptions , Event Location in Anaheim Hills . Orange County , Southern California . Our state - of - the - art 30,000 square foot facility hosts breath - taking panoramic views of the golf course and surrounding areas . Offering an expansive patio for pre - reception cocktails and entertainment as well as a beautiful ballroom for any special event . Consider The Clubhouse at Anaheim Hills Golf Course for your upcoming rehearsal dinner or ceremony and reception . An important step is ... Read More . The Clubhouse at Anaheim Hills offers a beautiful event location in Anaheim Hills , Orange County , within Southern California . Offering uncompromising attention to every detail in food and beverage services for all occasions , in warm , rich distinctive facilities . Specializing in Weddings , Showers , Rehearsal Dinners , Anniversaries , Quincea\u00f1eras , Birthdays , Holiday Parties , Retirements , Conventions , Seminars , Meetings , Exhibits and more . Along with an award winning chef , they offer full service coordination and uncompromising service . Consider The Clubhouse at Anaheim Hills Golf Course for your upcoming rehearsal dinner or ceremony and reception . An important step is selecting the perfect location for your most memorable day . Our distinctive facilities have a rich warm and elegant style , creating the perfect ambiance . This cherished event can be both exciting and challenging . It is for these reasons that we have designed affordable , yet lavish wedding packages to simplify your wedding . Our catering staff takes pride in excellence and attention to details and will assist you from the rehearsal through the reception , creating memories you will treasure for a lifetime . The Clubhouse is Orange County 's crown jewel for Rehearsal Dinners , weddings and receptions . Our state - of - the - art 30,000 square foot facility hosts breath - taking panoramic views of the golf course and surrounding areas . Offering an expansive patio for pre - reception cocktails and entertainment as well as a beautiful ballroom for any special event . Consider The Clubhouse at Anaheim Hills Golf Course for your upcoming rehearsal dinner or ceremony and reception . An important step is . Our ceremony package includes white padded chairs , white aisle runner , white columns , white trellis , fountain , sound system , ceremony coordinator and a one - hour ceremony rehearsal . Facing the golf course or fountain and is located outdoors . Our beautiful ballroom accommodates up to 350 guests with a full dance floor . We have five inclusive packages to choose from to meet your every need . Uncompromising attention to every detail in food and beverage services is provided at our venue . Share us with your friends to help get the word out about our informational website . Link To Us "}
{"url": "http://de-bug.de/pod/archives/7667.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701155060.45/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193915-00196-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Food & Drink . Recreation . Shopping . Other . 5 underrated shows to see at Contact 2014 . Of Toronto 's many arts festivals , Contact is one of the biggest , occupying major institutional venues and offering up big names in photography and photo - inspired work . But where does one turn when looking for exhibitions that are non - traditional , down - home , or up - and - coming ? Maybe , like , not at the AGO ? Here 's a roundup of the shows that you wo n't find on Contact 's \" feature \" page , so you can have a more , ahem , authentic festival experience this May. Sheree Hovespian , Soft Landing American artist Sheree Hovespian has a specific interest in gestural objecthood , here displaying a number of \" haptic wonders , \" or hand - made objects that rely on photographs and touch . Rather than using the camera as her tool , Hovespian has created abstract photograms -- photos made my placing objects on photo paper . She also shows a number of bronze / wood sculptures and multi - media pieces included in the show , which further explore the idea of physicality in art - making . Gallery 44 , 401 Richmond St # 120 , May 2-June 7 . Here , he turns the idea of nature simulation on its head , showcasing the intricate and strangely sterile world lived by captive sea creatures and their captors . Loop Gallery , 1273 Dundas St W , May 24-June 15 . Opening : May 24 @ 1 pm . Nadia Bellerique , Have You Seen This Man ? Eminent Toronto up - and - comer Nadia Bellerique continues on her spree of psychologically motivated work with a solo show that looks at illusion and the performativity of objects . The show 's photographs are a result of Bellerique 's experiments with a digital scanner , where she placed objects -- tape , metal , cut - out images -- casually onto the scanning surface . In fact , finger - smudged evidence of the artist 's process brilliantly remain on the prints . Daniel Faria Gallery , 188 St Helens Ave , May 1-June 7 . With an international scope and a youthful glow , the exhibition wonders about what 's real and fake in our limited , but expanding knowledge of global cultures . Great Hall , OCAD , 100 McCaul St , May 8 - 18 . Jeff Bierk , The Back 40 Looking for a documentary show that 's poignant but real ? Bierk 's photo work offers up sincere systemic criticism by revealing the storied lives of the forgotten people -- addicts , misdemeanor criminals , shelter frequenters . In The Back 40 , we see images instigated by the intimacy of close friends ; Jimmy , Bluenose , Ramzez , Carl , Jeff himself , et . al , spent a year collaborating on the resulting ( beautiful ! ) photos , which are set , for the most part , in the alley below the photographer 's apartment . 87 Wade Ave # B5 , May 22 - 25 . Opening : May 22 @ 7 pm . Get Connected . Links & Resources . Our directory of useful links and resources . "}
{"url": "http://jnapolitano@afsc.org/friends/topic/Healing%20Justice", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166650.78/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00223-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Mount Ngauruhoe summit climb . Introduction . The near perfect volcanic cone of Mt Ngauruhoe entices many visitors to its summit . This parasitic cone of Mt Tongariro is one of New Zealand 's most active volcanoes . Track overview . 6 km return from South Crater ; 19 km return from Mangatepopo parking area . Walking and tramping . 3 hr return from South Crater ; 6 - 7 hr return from Mangatepopo parking area Expert : Route . Dog access . No dogs . About this track . Description . The near perfect volcanic cone of Mt Ngauruhoe entices many visitors to its summit . It is 2287 m high and last erupted in 1975 . Mt Ngauruhoe found recent fame as Mount Doom in the Lord of the Rings film . This parasitic cone of Mt Tongariro is one of New Zealand 's most active volcanoes . The ascent . Follow the Tongariro Alpine Crossing track up the Mangatepopo Valley to the saddle between Ngauruhoe and Tongariro ( up to 2 hr ) . A signposted poled route leads to the foot of a ridge near the centre of Mt Ngauruhoe . From here the route is not marked - it 's up to you where you climb . You can follow the rock ridge or on either side of it directly up toward the summit . Beyond the ridge , cross over the band of red rock to reach the outer crater gully . Be aware of falling rocks dislodged by others on the steep slopes above - people have been hit by them before . From here you can climb to the highest point on the outer crater rim ( to the left ) or to the top of the inner crater rim ( to the right ) . There are steam vents on the outer rim . You can walk around the rims , but take care - they are rugged rock , narrow in places and with steep drops . Avoid entering the inner crater area , where volcanic fumaroles ( steam vents ) emit overpowering gases . The descent . Descend via the red scoria , then on the loose scree to either side of the ridge . Take care not to gather too much speed , it is easy to trip and there is a long way to fall - and many sharp rocks to hit ! Getting there . The climb begins with the Tongariro Alpine Crossing track from Mangatepopo parking area , at the end of Mangatepopo Road , off of State Highway 47 . The actual climb begins from the South Crater , where there is a signpost for Ngauruhoe Summit . The summit climb is an optional side trip from the Tongariro Northern Circuit Great Walk and the Tongariro Alpine Crossing . Know before you go . Volcanic hazard . Mount Ngauruhoe is an active volcano , and eruptions can happen at any time with no warning . Watch for signs of an eruption , and be aware that toxic gases can be present in the crater area . "}
{"url": "http://www.43folders.com/node/47908/324832", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166222.10/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00130-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "\" Books ! And cleverness ! \" Without her devotion to books , the world would not have been saved . Yes , she 's a little pompous in the early novels and films , and her upper - middle - class status , it is implied , is normative ( whereas the Weasleys ' poverty is picturesque and sentimental ) but she becomes an exemplary young woman : intellectual , thoughtful and independent . She 's also a skeptic of the finest kind , turning down Divination lessons and evoking a response which warms my own shrivelled heart : . \" Books ! And cleverness ! There are more important things -- friendship and bravery \" . Nonsense . Friends can unpick the locks and escape while you 're asleep , whereas books stay exactly where you leave them and do n't whine about needing daylight or to ' go home ' or another bowl of gruel . More trouble than they 're worth . Conveniently , the opening to hell is located in her school , providing a neat opportunity for an even odder examination of the American education system than the many other fine sit - coms and dramas set there . Props too for Blossom , My So - Called Life and Canadian Degrassi Junior High , Lisa Simpson and for BBC2 for showing them all : without them I 'd have assumed that all other girls were like my myriad sisters and become a socially maladjusted weirdo . Oh , wait ... . Aided by Giles , the dryly humorous British school librarian and mentor ( ' What are you going to do ? ' ' Get my books , look stuff up ' ) , Buffy saves the world from assorted hell - beasts in every episode , through a combination of book - smarts , sarcasm and roundhouse kicks . Both Hermione and Buffy negotiate the demands of adolescence ( sexuality , education , isolation , socialisation , soul - sucking monsters ) with aplomb . They are n't obsessed with appearance or validation through boys and popularity . They do n't always wear pink and they are n't simpering sidekicks to some macho male here . Being the products of a capitalist , patriarchal media industry , they are n't ideal feminists , especially the film version of Hermione , and their post - adventure trajectories are fairly conservative , but looking around the fiction landscape , they 're quite impressive . They do and know things rather than aspiring to fame or attachment to some equally vacuous man . As characters , they have intrinsic worth , rather than existing to accentuate a male hero 's attractive qualities . When Hermione and Ron get together , they enrich each other : she 's not a prize . There are some pretty awful role models relentlessly promoted in the media . Hermione and Buffy are good alternatives from pop culture - and not just for girls . ( And while we 're at it , here 's my boss explaining to students why they need to talk in seminars : ' you do n't get fit by going down to the gym and watching someone else work out ' ) . "}
{"url": "http://farzana-versey.blogspot.in/2012/10/our-guns-childrens-shoulders.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701157262.85/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193917-00138-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "During our little jaunt up in the wilds of Northern California , while we were talking about food and hair , my curious husband asked me , \" What do you think came first , the bun or the bun ? \" \" Like the hair and the bread ? \" \" The bun , \" I replied , making it clear that I meant the bread . It seemed so obvious to me . \" Oh , really , \" he snided , giving me the sly look of someone who thinks something much trickier than I had imagined could have gone down . Like maybe the hairstyle was first ( people always had hair ) and they named the bread bun after the hair bun . I quickly reminded him that left handed people seem to reverse the logic in almost any analysis . Plus , since necessity is the mother of invention , which I learned as a fact in the seventh grade ( by wrote , not by experience ) , I assume it must have always been true . And bread was necessary long before Puritanical coiffures . I imagine it was n't until one day when some finicky man during the Middle Ages looked into his wooden bowl and decided he could n't take another gagging bite of his wife 's offerings . So he yelled at her over by the fire while she stirred the meal under the roof of their thatched cottage , . \" Hey , keep your dirty hair out of the soup . \" And being that she did not like beatings , she put it up . And eventually someone must have said , . What I do n't understand , ultimately , is who pays for all this ? I mean , it 's hosted and there 's a phone number and it 's all free . I wonder how they do it . These forward thinking beavers are pretty busy . While sitting in too much traffic today , heading East on Venice Boulevard , I was listening to Lyle Lovett . Then , I got to thinking about the other old tapes sitting in my ancient collection . They 're all stuffed into a black cassette holder that my brother gave to me as a going away present in 1993 when I drove across the country in my swanky new Geo Prizm , which I still drive to this day . The car has 140,000 miles on it and I wo n't throw it out until it completely dies . So I reached into the discolored vinyl tape case ( black turning brown ) because I had nothing else to do and there among the old gems was some Hall & Oates . It 's been years since I popped it in . I felt downright mischievous . An amazing compilation of popular Eighties tunes , I must have taped it off my greatest hits record before I sold it off with all my other albums when I left New York City . I adjusted the bass to get that driving beat going . Made sure the volume was just right because my speakers tend to distort when the music is too loud . And there I sat in my hot rod , doors locked , windows rolled up and I sang along with that Hall & Oates and nobody could stop me . It 's such crappy music , I 'm surprised no one has made a Mamma Mia type musical out of it . But you know what ? It 's also kind of good in this completely bad , time warped way . Who can resist the swooning Sara Smile ? And how about that visual memory of the awful Eighties video of Private Eyes with everyone in trench coats ? And does anyone else besides me have trouble singing along to the syncopations of I Ca n't Go for That ? Just download it and try it now ... You'll wonder who thought up such a rhythm . Or simply sample it if you ca n't bear to own it : . I know . I 'm so uncool . But how surprising can this be from someone who drives a slightly altered Toyota that is repackaged as a GM product and still has his faded out cassettes ? Plus , if you 're going to be as big a nerd as I am , then you might as well take full advantage of audio time travel . H & O radically peaked with Maneater , sure . And even I know how bad that one was . But hell , whatever it takes to drive across LA . . It has become nastily noticeable after any medical procedure that the first mailing of correspondence to most health insurance companies goes immediately into the shredder . This saves the office the trouble of having to reimburse you for anything . Endless phone calls ensue . Upon repeated attempts , one may receive satisfaction but only in the form of cursing at the functionary on the other end of the line . And once finished with slamming and crying , one is forced , for fear of onslaughts of endless billings , to write a check and send it to the demons who have set up our wretched healthcare system . This system , run by thugs and thieves , reminds one of small town governments operating in Sicily during the nineteenth century . However , the American Medical Dons who collect our protection money are far richer than any high ranking citizen of Palermo . It has also become nastily noticeable that the children in public schools in most cities are not receiving an education . Many students are merely warehoused , forced to watch television in the classroom so the teacher can have a quiet nervous breakdown instead of having to discipline the kinder , never mind teaching Biology or fighting with the Creationists . This vast chasm between the educated wealthy and the uneducated gang members must be closed for the obvious reason that nature can not maintain such a high voltage for long without a huge jolt of paralyzing electricity . This change of personnel is the clear choice for a healthier , less frustrated America . The ten obvious advantages to this approach : . 1 ) The current system , which does not work , will be dismantled . Gang members will take the place of the organized crime insurance cartel . The transition will hardly be noticed . 2 ) The Ex - insurance workers will be euthanized and will have to pay for it themselves . 3 ) Since gangs of most inner cities are better organized than the offices of medical insurance companies of soon - to - be - yore , the common man will spend much less time haggling . 4 ) Gang members answer their phones on the first ring and have no phone menus . This creates good will toward all mankind . 5 ) Gangs , such as the Bloods and Crips , will be guaranteed income , so they will probably not be that into turf wars . 6 ) These Bloods and Crips will be able to deal in legal drugs . 7 ) Public schools will only have to teach rudimentary math and how to read fee schedules . 8) The entrenched class system will continue to benefit the wealthy and the wealthy can rest easy at night knowing they are helping the disadvantaged by a guarantee of this very lucrative medical business . 9 ) Most importantly , the disadvantaged youth of today who suffer from the natural alienation and anger that comes from the prospect of a future without opportunity can change their mad and nasty attitudes knowing they are inheriting a business that will never go away . This will diminish their need for displays of power and automatic weapons . 10 ) Movies that glamorize the gun and drug culture that epitomize the desperation and fear of the inner city will stop being made and will be replaced by movies that glamorize very healthy people who are n't afraid to go to the doctor for fear of paperwork . With raised levels of C02 and decent rainfall , it seems to me we are in a good situation to grow more plants which should improve the atmosphere greatly . With a well maintained population and an improved atmosphere , we will survive . So , no more than one baby per family for the next fifty years . The earth will be grayer for a while , but after the die off , it will be better . The population will be less or at least stable . With the extra plants growing , there will be a natural cooling effect on the planet . Extra plants must be grown on private property since farm land must be used to sustain the population . We will become a more arboreal culture . We will develope plants that root firmly and wo n't threaten houses . We can use all the extra plant material for energy . We must use very efficient machines that produce no carbon as a byproduct . Someone has to figure that out . 1 ) There is an LA metro . 2 ) My dog is still young . 3 ) My friends tolerate me . 4 ) I have n't been to a funeral in years . 5 ) I do n't have to work . 6 ) I 'm not so fat . 7 ) Relatives requiring it are properly medicated . 8) Food is still cheap . 9 ) I 've been fatter . 11 ) My husband is n't so fat . 12 ) Old friends put up with my vanity . 13 ) Bad teeth but good dentist . 14 ) I own great walking shoes . 15 ) My piano always sounds good . 16 ) I do n't live in Mali . 17 ) Tomorrow I 'm going to Santa Fe . 18 ) George Bush can not run for president ever again . 19 ) The only people who have ever called me fat were my mother and my husband . 20 ) Jews . 21 ) Butter never has an off season . What thrills me to endless happiness is that since George Jesus Bush has entered The White House , there has been no innovation in our culture . None . Nada . Zero . Zilcharoonie . This is a much more encouraging record than what transpired during the 1950 's , the only comparable time in recent history to this period of conservative hell . And similarly , innovation poked along as the institutions of righteousness swirled stupidly and wasted valuable human energy . But take heart . What followed was enormous . And if the political swing of the pendulum is symmetrical , ( and on what part of earth is n't it ? ) , then we are in for quite a fun , uplifting ride . And the news gets even better when we consider the numbers . During the Eisenhower administration , though stultifying and oppressive , some sort of freedom of thought prevailed , much more so than what is happening today . There was the rise of Elvis , James Dean and Ms. Monroe . We made great advances in Rocket Science . We invented The Neutron Bomb , the Polio vaccination , the Hoola Hoop , Thorazine and T.V. Dinners . The Beats were reciting their poetry around New York and San Francisco and anyone who was anyone got down to the serious business of taking L.S.D. . All this and the McCarthy Era , too ! What is the one new thing that has grown to great heights during the Bush years ? Reality television ... and that was a European import . ( Boo ! Why could n't you send us socialized medicine across the Atlantic , instead ? ) Absolutely NOTHING is going on . So in absolute terms , the last five years have been creatively dimmer than any five year period during the slavish age of bleating that sheepy tune , I Like Ike . The 2000 's make the 1950 's look like the fucking Renaissance . This harsh , greedy , delusional , earth destroying culture of today , where the creative spirit is cut and twisted until it looks and feels even more tired than Mamie 's hairdo , is the calm before the storm . Let us take great happiness in this age of complete stasis that is even deader than Roy Cohn 's wretched , lying body . Think . Feel . Look around . Rest up . Get your teeth fixed . Clean out your closets . And take that trip to Trenton . The other day I optimistically made a list for the future . I 'm loading up on tye - dye , condoms , weed and getting ready for the British invasion . I am considering a stylish pageboy wig and a visit to the moon just so I can spend a few minutes on a celestial body where global warming is n't a problem . I suggest you make a similar list . As Mark Twain Said : History does n't repeat itself , but it often rhymes . Sometimes , you just have to go see Cher on her farewell tour at the Hollywood Bowl . If for no other reason than to make your husband happy . And your gay Armenian couple friends are great company for the night . Did you know Cher is Armenian ? So , no reason to go into her whole concert . You can rent the DVD of her tour and see for yourself . It 's a total circus . Complete with acrobatic performers and a fake elephant and Cher changing her costume and wig after almost every song , and entering each song from some new chandelier or staircase . With major video and great psychedelic graphics . This was not Chuck Mangione at Chatauqua in 1978 . , she also understands that the whole thing is completely ridiculous . It 's self referential , stays within the bounds of its gaudy world and invites us all to be stupid and sparkly . She works it like a super carnival pro , and you have to give her a big hand for what she does . After the show exhausted all hair colors and hair materials , the finale 's fireworks display spelled out , in fireworks , \" Follow This You Bitches . \" It was so over the top , you kind of had to let out a big this - is - ridiculous howl . She was warmed up by The Village People . And like being at a Nazi youth meeting , when they performed Y.M.C.A. as the encore , if you looked behind you , you could see the entire Hollywood Bowl , standing up , doing the moves . It shudders the spine . I do n't get this whole shiny gay thing . But at least it is n't mean spirited and the whole romp does poke fun at its own vanity while at the same time making grown , gay , Armenian men cry . "}
{"url": "https://www.pinkcakebox.com/spooky-haunted-house-cake/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701149377.17/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193909-00342-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "fundraiser . Batavia Downs Gaming at 8315 Park Rd . Batavia is hosting Vets Night at the races . The buffet opens at 5:30 PM - you will be asked for your arrival time when you make your reservation . There will be a Chinese auction on site with all proceeds going to the MCVCMP . ( Photo above from left , back row ( adults ) : Elba Troop 42222 leader Darcy Sewar , Oakfield Troop 42141 leader Jeanine Corbett , Laurie Shepland -- VP of Human Resources , Ian Wetherbee -- volunteer coordinator , and Norm Hubbard , Golf Tournament Committee chair . Girl Scouts , front row , from left : Ariana Wolff , Laci Sewar , Rylee Wissinger , Abby Gardner and Ava Flores . ) Chapin International , Inc. , is hosting its upcoming 8th Annual Charity Golf Tournament on Saturday , Aug. 8 , at Terry Hills Golf Course , 5122 Clinton Street Road , in Batavia . Each year employees raise funds to support local organizations . \" In past years we have chosen the Domestic Violence group of the YMCA , Crossroads and last year the Boy Scouts , \" said Norm Hubbard , Golf Tournament Committee chair . This year 's selected charitable organization is Girl Scouts of Western New York . The charity fundraiser started out raising $ 2,000 and last year we raised over $ 6,000 for the Boy Scouts . Each year it has steadily increased . There are 27 hole sponsors , along with many other local contributors . The more sponsors we get will equally be divided up and recognized throughout the tournament . Below , Girl Scouts from Elba and Oakfield troops stuff 200 golf appreciation bags provided by Chapin . With more than 750 mailings locally , we have three local car dealerships sponsoring a hole - in - one and chance to WIN a car as one of the special events : Castilone Chrysler Dodge and Jeep , Ken Barrett Chevrolet Cadillac , and Toyota of Batavia . \" There is no large prize for winning because we want to keep the charity in mind , \" Norm said . \" We recognize teams that are mixed , men , and women including Chapin 's employees . Other special events include closest - to - the - pin , longest drive , closest - to - the - line and a chance to win a set of golf clubs on the day of the event only . \" The registration starts at 11 a.m. with a putting contest for a chance to sink a put and win a recliner from Max Pies Furniture as a Grand Prize . Multiple puts that sink go into a draw pool to decide the winner . There supplemental prizes , too , and lunch for everyone at noon so nobody is left out and everyone will walk away with a prize . The golf shotgun starts at 1 p.m. and wraps up at 6 , with dinner and awards following . A Go Fund Me page has been created to help the family of David Campbell , a Batavia father who drowned in a work - related accident . So far , the page , \" A Community to Help the Campbell 's \" has raised more than $ 15,000 by 207 people in six days . The goal amount is $ 18,000 . The page was created by Melissa Blaisdell . According to the description on the page , the fundraiser was started to assist with the daily needs of his wife , Renee , and their three children , Harper , age 6 , Camille , age 4 , and Harlan , age 2 . Members of the community wanted to do anything they could to help his wife and kids and make sure the family knew they are not alone . Campbell was a construction worker for The Pike Company and drowned while working in a boat under the Inner Loop bridge in Downtown Rochester on June 24 the Democrat & Chronicle reported . When Campbell was working , the boat tipped over in the Genesee River and his safety line trapped him under water . He was a 31-year - old Batavia resident and a 2001 graduate of Alexander Central School . According to information supplied by Michael Tomaszweski Funeral & Cremation Chapel , he enjoyed going on vacations to the mountains with his family , camping , snowmobiling and four - wheeling . \" He accomplished much in only 31 years , touching the lives and hearts of everyone he came in contact with ; friends , neighbors or strangers , \" his obituary stated . \" His infectious smile and selfless attitude will forever comfort those left behind . \" The third annual Casino Night Fundraiser to benefit abused and neglected children served by Genesee County Casa for Children will be held at Terry Hills Banquet Facility on Friday , April 24 . It starts at 6:30 p.m. and tickets are $ 50 per person , and that includes $ 500 in Casino chips , food , beer , wine and $ 10 in free play at Batavia Downs Casino . Cash in \" winnings \" for tickets to Chinese auctions and a chance to win valuable prizes . CASAblanca.geneseecountycasa.org . In addition to Terry Hills and Batavia Downs Casino , sponsors include Ameriprise Financial Woodward & Associates , and National Fuel . A 1-mile walk and 5K/10 K race , as well as entertainment and family activities . All funds raised by the Warrior Walk support the activities of the Judy DiMarzo Cancer Survivorship Program at Wilmot Cancer Institute . Payton Malloy , a 13 year old from Oakfield who is an animal loving class clown , is entering this new year with increasingly difficult obstacles . Payton has very complex medical problems which originated at birth and involve both physical and menta l disabilities . These problems have been getting worse over the past year and have b een affecting the family greatly . As the problems grow , Payton is losing the skills she has worked hard to learn and the skills many take for granted . At times , she has trouble climbing stairs , walking and sleeping due to chronic pain . She will be undergoing two surgerie s in the next few months on her knee and will be needing specific equipment including a wheelchair / adult stroller , stair lift and other necessary components . \" The hardest thing is what we are going through right now-- the possibility of her losing all of her skills , not being able to walk -- something that she worked so hard for , \" said Amanda Malloy , Payton 's mother . But , we are so fortunate for the things that she can do that I try not to let the negative overcome the positive . We are just fortunate for what she is able to do . \" Although Payton is struggling , this does not alter her bubbly presence nor her ability to stay strong in hard times . \" The best part [ about being Payton 's mother ] , I would say is just watching her learn and grow and enjoy life so much . Even though she has so many obstacles in her way , she does n't let anything bring her down . I mean , she inspires me every day , \" Amanda said . To help out , Payton 's best friend of six years , Emily Edgerton , created and planned \" Wheels for Payton . \" \" I just want to be able to help the family because they are going through so much and I want to help Payton , \" says Emily . Payton 's family is increasingly thankful for Emily 's support and presence in Payton 's life . \" There are no words to express my gratitude for Emily . This was all her idea . She is a really important part of Payton 's life . Payton looks forward to seeing her every day and if she does n't get to see her , she gets very emotional and upset and it kind of interferes with her day , \" Amanda said . \" She opens her heart to Payton and to us . She is always offering her help in doing things , watching Payton , etc .. We just really want Emily to be recognized for the good person that she is . She did not have to do this . \" \" Wheels for Payton \" will be held from 4 to 7 p.m. this Saturday , Jan.10 , at Oakfield - Alabama High School . It will include a spaghetti dinner and basket raffle . Pre - sale tickets are $ 6 and the tickets bought at the door will be $ 8 . The food can been eaten there or taken home . All proceeds will benefit Payton . If you need any information , contact Teri Roberts at 519 - 2747 . \" This [ fundraiser ] would mean that we could provide things that Payton has to have , \" Amanda said . \" These are not luxury items and these are not things that we want to spend our money on . We would love to go on vacations and buy whatever we wanted but that is just not the case and these items that Payton needs are thousands of dollars . Fortunately , we have people like Emily and Teri , who are willing to volunteer their time and help us . These things will help us improve the quality of life for Payton and make it easier for us to take care of her . \" The family is overjoyed by the amount of support they get from the community . \" This is one of the benefits of having a small community because everyone is willing to help . I mean people who do n't even know Payton ask what they can do . It is just really nice to just see that because there is so much bad in the world . It is just nice to see that people are still willing to be helpful , \" Amanda said . Public support has already touched the lives of the Malloy family and they are very thankful . They hope man y people can come out this Saturday to eat spaghetti and raise money for the fun - loving and inspiring Payton Malloy . Shelter Pets are Pawsitively Purrfect . A fun evening of food , auctions , friends and surprises to support the animals at the Genesee County Animal Shelter . Tickets are $ 25 , children under 12 $ 15 and the day of all tickets are $ 50 . Space is limited , so get your tickets early ! The Fur Ball will be at the Days Inn , 200 Oak St , Batavia , NY . Please join us for a delicious breakfast with Santa this Sunday at the Elba Fireman 's Rec Hall . The leaders of Troop 6017 will be busy cooking pancakes , sausages and eggs to order for our ' all you can eat ' breakfast fundraiser . Milk , orange juice and coffee will be served and Santa Claus will be in attendance to spread the Christmas joy ! Tickets at the door are $ 7.50 for adults , $ 5.50 for students and preschool kids eat free . Buffalo Bills players Fred Jackson & Aaron Williams will be signing Autographs on Tuesday Nov. 12 , 2013 at the Niagara County Deputy Sheriff 's Associations Office on Market St. in Lockport NY . This fundraiser is in conjunction with the New York State Deputy Association proceeds will be going to the United Way . Contact Jeff Newman ( 7160 713 - 7141 . Members of the East Pembroke Volunteer Fire Department are organizing a fundraiser from noon to 5 p.m. , Sunday , June 30 , to assist Trey . The 5-year - old is the son of heather Gill Palandino and Donald Newton Jr. He is being treated for Chiari Malformation ( Arnold - Chiari ) , is a serious neurological disorder where the bottom part of the brain , the cerebellum , descends out of the skull and crowds the spinal cord , putting pressure on both the brain and spine causing many symptoms . The Michael Napoleone Memorial Foundation is hosting Derby Day Gala 2013 at Terry Hills Banquet Facility in Batavia on May 4th . The Gala will be a fun - filled event from 4 to 9 PM , centered on the running of the 139th Kentucky Derby . Last year was a sold - out event and raised money for the Foundation 's mission to \" Lend a Hand for Hope \" . From the \" Amanda 's Rage Cranking it up for Austin \" Facebook page ( with a few edits ) : . ( Area band ) Amanda 's Rage will be cranking it up to help Austin Heineman in his battle with cancer . At the young age of 17 Austin was suddenly up against , and in a battle , with a very aggressive and rare form of cancer called Desmoplastic Small Round Cell Tumor . Austin is now 18 . He has completed several rounds of chemo and will soon be undergoing bone marrow transplants in Maryland . He has also had to travel to New York City for several days / weeks at a time for treatment . Austin 's father , Jason , has been transporting and stayi ng by Austin 's side on each and every trip for treatment . Austin needs your help , support and all - important prayers to continue fighting this battle . Austin 's Army is looking for recruits . Do you have what it takes ? Come out March 1 to join Austin 's Army & show Austin and his family that they are not alone in this . $ 3.00 cover / donation - 50/50 raffles - Open donations . This event will take place at the Batavia Country Club , at 7909 Batavia - Byron Road in Batavia , and last from 8 p.m. until midnight Friday . Family and friends of Patrick Suozzi , a Batavia man facing terminal cancer , are asking people for support . On Jan. 27 , there will be a benefit / fundraiser for Suozzi 's wife , Mary Beth , and son , PJ , from 1 until 6 p.m. at Resurrection Parish ( St. Mary 's ) Recreation Hall , at 18 Ellicott St. in Batavia . All proceeds will help offset their ongoing medical expenses . The fundraiser will include a meal of spaghetti , salad , bread , beverages and dessert , as well as a TV raffle , a Chinese auction , a bake sale and face painting . Admission is $ 10 for adults and $ 5 for children ages 10 and under . To purchase tickets , make a donation or obtain more information , contact Lori DiFilippo at ( 716 ) 474 - 2895 or Kim Turman at 356 - 8922 . There will also be a rock ' n ' roll benefit on Jan. 26 at T.F. Brown 's , at 214 E. Main St. in Batavia . It will feature three local bands : Bob Lovelace ( acoustics ) , Amanda 's Rage and Savage Cabbage ( main band ) . The event will last from 9 p.m. until 2 a.m. . Admission is $ 3 at the door , and there will be a 50/50 raffle . For more information , call 343 - 1547 . "}
{"url": "http://grabyourfork.blogspot.com/2007/10/suminoya-sydney.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701168065.93/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193928-00213-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Blog Tour - Love Will Keep Us Together : Miracle Girls # 4 by Anne Dayton and May Vanderbilt . It is time for a FIRST Wild Card Tour book review ! If you wish to join the FIRST blog alliance , just click the button . We are a group of reviewers who tour Christian books . A Wild Card post includes a brief bio of the author and a full chapter from each book toured . Enjoy your free peek into the book ! Anne Dayton graduated from Princeton and has her MA in Literature from New York University . She lives in New York City . May Vanderbilt graduated from Baylor University and has an MA in Fiction from Johns Hopkins . She lives in San Francisco . Together , they are the authors of the Miracle Girls books , Emily Ever After , Consider Lily , and The Book of Jane . The whole world has gone maroon . The bricks are maroon , the dress code is maroon , and even our peppy tour guide 's hair is dyed a deep maroon . \" Hi , I 'm Kiki , and I 'm a real student here . \" She grins from ear to ear as she walks backward across the giant lawn . \" Welcome to the home of the Harvard Crimson . \" Pardon me . The whole world has gone crimson . The parents and prospective students around me press forward , following after our tour guide , but I slowly edge toward the back , hoping the rest of my family does n't notice . The Great McGee Family College Tour is finally winding down , and not a moment too soon . We started off last week at Duke , then drove up to see Johns Hopkins , Penn , Princeton , Columbia , and Yale . This morning we got up early to do MIT , and if I can survive a little longer , we 'll check Harvard off the list and only have Cornell to go . Dad and I talked Mom out of Dartmouth . Way too much snow . I thought it would be fun to tour colleges , but I did n't realize everybody was going to ask me the same question again and again : \" What do you want to do with your life , Riley ? \" Or sometimes they stick to , \" What 's your passion , Riley ? \" And I have n't figured out how to answer them . Somehow , \" I have no earthly idea \" does n't seem to be what they 're looking for . \" We are now entering the famous Harvard Yard . \" The group falls silent , almost reverent , and Kiki stops on the other side of the crimson - bricked archway and waits while we file through . As she recaps the history of the university , which involves a bunch of dead white guys - just like every other school , Mom spies me slouching low at the back of the crowd . \" Is n't this beautiful ? \" She takes a deep breath and closes her eyes . \" I could really see you being happy here , Riley . \" I nod because it 's easier than trying to explain . \" Did you know the Latin word veritas on the seal\"-she holds out a brochure for me-\"means truth ? \" She flips the brochure open and starts paging through photos of students sitting under autumn trees . I put my pointer finger over my lips , then point at Kiki . Mom nods and jogs back to my brother , Michael , who has Asperger 's syndrome , or high - functioning autism . Mom and Dad have done a ton of work to help him with his social skills , but he 's still prone to legendary meltdowns . After the scene he caused at MIT this morning , she 's been watching him like a hawk . \" This really seems like a good one . \" Dad comes up behind me in a sneak attack . I glance across the group and see Michael pulling on Mom 's hand , trying to get over to a statue of a seated man . \" These kids seem like your kind of people . \" Dad and I look around the yard at the students hauling mattresses and carrying plastic crates stuffed with junk . A group lounges on the steps of one of the historic buildings , drinking from eco - friendly metal thermoses . I shrug and pull my short hair into a pathetic ponytail . Not my best look , but it 's sweltering today . \" Do you like it better than Princeton ? \" I try to avoid his stare , but he follows my eyes until I give in and focus on him . In the weak afternoon sunlight , I notice that the gray patches at his temples are spreading through his warm brown hair , like two silver streaks down his head . \" I do n't know . Princeton was fine . \" Princeton is Ana 's thing , her dream . All I could think about the entire time I was there was , How did she choose this school ? How did she know it was for her ? Is there a feeling you get ? Is it like how I knew about Tom ? Kiki climbs a few steps up to an old brick building and claps excitedly . \" Massachusetts Hall is special for two reasons . \" She beams at our group and holds up one finger . \" First , it 's the oldest building on campus , dating back to 1720 . \" Everyone in our group oohs , and Mom whispers something to another mother . \" And\"-Kiki makes eye contact with the prospective students in her pack-\"it 's a freshman dorm ! Let 's go take a look , shall we ? \" We walk in a tight - knit pack up the stairs and down the third - floor hallway . Loud music pours from the rooms , the beats clashing . Finally we stop at a dorm room with two neatly made beds and two tidy desks with crimson folders emblazoned with the Harvard seal . I realize there 's nothing real about this room or this choreographed moment , like almost every moment of every college tour we 've taken . How am I supposed to get a feel for the campus with these phony experiences ? As Kiki begins explaining dorm security , I slip out of the room and try to collect my thoughts . This is merely a minor case of butterflies , nothing more . I 'm sure everybody gets them when touring colleges . I 'll call Ana , and she 'll talk me through this . I rummage through my purse , searching under all the brochures and school spirit junk until my fingers find my phone 's smooth edges . Wait , I ca n't call Ana . She loved every second of her college tour . When she came back from the East Coast a few weeks ago , she could n't stop talking about Princeton 's amazing science labs . Plus , she already knows beyond a shadow of a doubt she wants to be a neonatal surgeon . She had open - heart surgery as a baby and has always felt called to follow the path of the doctors who saved her life . Zoe would totally get it . I scroll through my contacts , all the way down to Z . But maybe it is n't fair to call Zo . Her parents are doing a little better , but money is still tight . She did n't get to go on a college tour this summer , and I 'm not really sure there 's any money put aside for her education . I 'd be a jerk to call and complain . I scroll back up to Christine . She 's headed to New York next year to become a painter . All she 's ever wanted is to get out of Half Moon Bay . We 've always understood each other in that way . But as I 'm pressing the button for her name , I remember that today is Tyler 's birthday and she was going to surprise him with a scavenger hunt through town . That leaves one person . I find his name and quickly punch the button . \" Pick up , pick up , \" I chant quietly . A voice in my head reminds me I should n't be calling my ex - boyfriend , the only guy I ever loved , the one who went off to college and left me behind , but I try to quiet it . All these months I 've been strong and not e - mailed him , not called him , but I do n't have anyone else right now . \" Hey there . \" Tom 's deep voice is a little scratchy , like he just woke up , and it sends a shiver down my spine . The guys at Marina Vista still sound like chipmunks . \" How ... What 's up ? \" he asks . Technically the breakup a few months ago was mutual - technically . I want to talk to him , but it 's just as friends . He 's already gone through the whole college application process , so he 'll help me get my head on straight . \" I hate Harvard . \" A woman glares at me as she passes down the hall . I lower my voice . \" Well , I do n't hate Harvard - that 's not it . My parents love it , and the teachers all love it . Actually , everybody loves it except me . \" \" What are you talking about ? \" He yawns loudly . \" I 'm on my college tour , standing in the hallowed halls of Harvard right now . Well , a dorm hallway anyway . \" Two girls pass me , talking loudly . \" They want me to go here , but it does n't feel right . \" \" So do n't apply . You 're not like everybody else . \" I bite my lip . It 's such a Tom thing to say and exactly what I need to hear . After months of not talking , he still knows how to make me feel better . Tom always put the Miracle Girls on edge , but they never got to see this side of him , the big heart hidden inside his chiseled chest . The noisy tour group pours out of the dorm room , and Kiki ushers them toward the exit at the end of the hall , pointing at some posters on the wall . Mom spots me on the phone and motions for me to rejoin the group . \" It 's funny that you called , \" Tom says . \" I actually wanted to tell you something . \" The tour group files into the stairwell . Dad lingers for a moment , frowning , and then goes with them . \" I 'm transferring to UCSF and moving back to San Francisco . \" \" What ? \" I press my finger to my ear , trying to block out the noise in the hall . That ca n't be right . I 've just gotten used to him being in Santa Barbara , which is n't that far , but far enough for him to feel really and truly gone from my life . \" Santa Barbara was n't working out , and now I can live at home and save some cash . \" My heart begins to pound . \" I miss my old friends , you know - crazy blond girls who call me out of the blue and stuff . I miss ... talking . \" My pulse drums loudly in my ears . Mom peeks her head back in the door and widens her eyes at me . \" You 're missing everything ! \" \" I- \" I wave at Mom . \" I 've got to run , but I 'll call you later . \" I snap the phone shut before he can respond and chuck it back into my purse . He 's coming back ? I lean my head against the wall to keep it from spinning . \" Riley ! \" Mom plants her hands on her hips . \" Coming . \" I jog over to her lingering in the stairwell . I file in at the back of the group and wind down the few flights of stairs with Mom hot on my heels . I ca n't think about Tom now . I 'll deal with that later , once I 'm back home and I 've had time to wrap my mind around the fact that he is n't gone , that his voice almost sounded like it used to before we drifted apart . We re - enter the Harvard Yard , the sun stinging my eyes , and Kiki yammers on and on about the different types of architecture , pointing out stuff like Doric columns and neoclassical facades . It 's not that Harvard is n't beautiful . The campus is historic and hallowed and dripping in ivy , and there 's no question that it 's one of the best colleges in the country . If I went here , I 'd get a great education , have opportunities I 'd never get anywhere else , and meet all kinds of new , fascinating friends .... . My mind flashes to Half Moon Bay , the faces of the Miracle Girls . I ca n't believe that in a year this is going to be my life . This could be my freshman dorm , but looking out over this crowded lawn , I ca n't picture it . I try to imagine myself lounging in the courtyard , heading to fascinating lectures , eating in the dining hall , but my brain refuses . The only life I can imagine is at Marina Vista , hanging out with the girls , being close when Michael needs me . Mom grins at me as Kiki explains how the meal plans work . They think I want to go to Harvard , but I do n't . They think I 'm excited about this , but I 'm scared out of my mind . They think they know the real Riley McGee , but even I have n't met her . They think I have it all figured out , but I 'm totally lost . Find Books . Take Me With You ! "}
{"url": "http://heirloomsreunited.blogspot.com/2012/05/1890s-autograph-album-of-edith-l.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701152130.53/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193912-00134-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "About . After completing my second year as student in Cross - Media design without any trouble . I used my vacation to spend more time with my girl , my passion - training athletics and illustrating . This project is a result of experimenting with new techniques to illustrate portraits and a passion for stories from legendary athletes in track and field . Myself , Bram Vanhaeren ran my first race when I was 5 years old and still compete today . It 's my favorite sport and I love to spend my evenings on the track with my friends . After picking some of my favorite athletes , having fun illustrating and playing with colors . I have decided to share it with you . Five illustrations , five stories , five legends . My love translated in colors . ( More illustrations will follow during the Olympics in London 2012 ) . CARL LEWIS _ Frederick Carlton \" Carl \" Lewis ( born July 1 , 1961 ) is an American former track athlete and singer , who won 10 Olympic medals including 9 gold , and 10 World Championships medals , including 8 gold . His career spanned from 1979 when he first achieved a world ranking to 1996 when he last won an Olympic title and subsequently retired . JESSE OWENS _ James Cleveland \" Jesse \" Owens ( September 12 , 1913 - March 31 , 1980 ) was an American track and field athlete who specialized in the sprints and the long jump . He participated in the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin , Germany , where he achieved international fame by winning four gold medals : one each in the 100 meters , the 200 meters , the long jump , and as part of the 4x100 meter relay team . He was the most successful athlete at the 1936 Summer Olympics , a victory more poignant and often noted because Adolf Hitler had intended the 1936 games to showcase his Aryan ideals and prowess . USAIN BOLT _ The Honourable Usain St. Leo Bolt , OJ , C.D. ( born 21 August 1986 ) , is a Jamaican sprinter and a five - time World and three - time Olympic gold medalist . He is the world record and Olympic record holder in the 100 metres , the 200 metres and ( along with his teammates ) the 4\u00d7100 metres relay . ALLYSON FELIX _ Allyson Michelle Felix ( born November 18 , 1985 ) is a track and field sprint athlete , who competes internationally for the United States , primarily in the 200 meters . She also competes at the 100 meter and the 400 meter distances . She is a two - time Olympic silver medalist at the 200 meters , as well as being the only woman ever to be a three - time Athletics World Championship gold medalist for that distance . She is also an Olympic gold medalist , winning gold at the Beijing 2008 Olympics as a member of the United States ' women 's 4 \u00d7 400 meters team . As a participant in the US Anti - Doping Agency 's \" Project Believe \" program , Felix is regularly tested to ensure that her body is free of performance - enhancing drugs . "}
{"url": "http://www.ohiohistorycentral.org/w/File:Owens,_Michael_J._in_front_of_a_Automatic_Glass-bottle_Making_Machine.jpg?img=2116", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148402.62/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00147-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Follow Abufares . I 'll Be Back . I 've looked over my blog and found that ever since the recent tragic events have started in Lebanon , I have been incapable of \" personally \" saying anything meaningful . As thus , I have opted to totally delete the posts which I have not written myself . This is My blog and I would n't want the atrocities committed against my people to affect how I think and what I write . I would n't want despair to invade this little personal space of mine . There are other blogs out there which deal with this miserable and dirty aspect of humanity , objectively and subjectively . The overwhelming feeling that I have an enemy ( Israel and the US Government and NOT the American People ) is part of who I am , and I am neither embarrassed or afraid to let it be known . I wo n't loose this feeling nor withdraw this statement until there is an \" honorable and just peace \" in the Middle East . 8 comments : . Thank you for your kind words on my blog . I agree with what you and Ghalia have said . I do fear for the safety of Syria also . I do n't like what the media in the west are saying . Everything is onesided . Ya jar , I am so glad you deleted the last couple of postings . I had previously read your June 11th post(On Faith and Religion)and been moved by it and thought I had gotten a good sense of who you are . I did not recognize you in those recents posts . They were clearly written in Anger and frustration . Since June 12th , I have tried hard to restrain myself and resist this temptation especially in the face of taunting comments to some of my posts . We need to stay cool and keep our heads high . The most important people in my life are my family and friends . My best friend in the world is an American . We have a Syrian ( Arabic ) saying : \" We have bread and salt between us \" , meaning of course that we 've shared life , my friend and I. And this I can never not for one instance forget . My overwhelming impression of the American people I 've met is simply how good and honest folks they are . I came of age in the US and I will never forget my happy days there . Thank YOU for not confusing my intention , all the best to you . Anger and frustration have a terrible way of bringing one down to the abyss of depression . There are so many things a peaceful yet proud man can take , before in the end , he responds . Hate was never a part of my character but I had to lash back . Then , I realized that my pride would be most preserved by letting my true personality prevails . Thank you for standing up for a just cause . Labels . Search This Blog . Blog 's Archives . "}
{"url": "http://www.seasaltwithfood.com/2013/10/next-time-you-throw-party-these.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162808.51/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00109-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "I died on a Thursday - killed by a monster intent on stealing my soul . The good news ? He did n't get it . The bad news ? Turns out not even death will get you out of high school ... Covering up her own murder was one thing , but faking life is much harder than Kaylee Cavanaugh expected . After weeks spent \" recovering , \" she 's back in school , fighting to stay visible to the human world , struggling to fit in with her friends and planning time alone with her new reaper boyfriend . But to earn her keep in the human world , Kaylee must reclaim stolen souls , and when her first assignment brings her face - to - face with an old foe , she knows the game has changed . Her immortal status wo n't keep her safe . And this time Kaylee is n't just gambling with her own life ... . W hat I thought : . Where do I begin ? I want to make this as spoiler - free as possible , because so much awesomeness goes on in this book . Kaylee is back to her life from the last book , but after dying she is now a Reaper kind of like Tod . She is to go after souls that have been taken and get them back . Part of the deal of her coming back was that she could be around her family , finish school and go to college , but being dead is hard . She starts to wonder what the point of doing all these mindless things from before like school and a part - time job will accomplish since she will never age and live forever . The only positive thing is her boyfriend Tod , who loves her very much and is willing to do anything for her . Her first day back at school is full of stares and questions of what happened to her and how she survived , but they do n't know she 's technically dead . And that she has to focus constantly to stay visible to living people . That same day she has her first assignment , and she comes across an old enemy , one we thought was gone . A lot more is going on than anyone thought , a favourite villain returns and the tables are turned for the Hellions it seems . So now everyone involved needs to find a way to finally stop them , without anyone getting hurt . There are some losses and grief in this book , but it made the story even greater . This is by far the best book , not only is Kaylee finally with someone who is good for her , but she has to keep fighting to be human and not give in to being dead and losing everything she loves . Tod is awesome as usual , and even Nash is trying to make things right . Okay so I read up to the second paragraph . Right where it hits \" Kaylee dies and becomes a reaper . \" WHAT ? - But thanks for sharing , I 'm kind of scared to continue on after that sentence LOL ;) . Categories . Grab My Button ! "}
{"url": "http://chronicle.com/blognetwork/castingoutnines/category/teaching/grading/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701160950.71/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193920-00071-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "By Barbara Bray October 28 , 2009 -- 01:07 PM . Math is beautiful . When I was growing up , I understood numbers and practical math right away . I was able to add and subtract quickly . Times tables . No problem ! You should see me count my cards in cribbage . I got some math like recognizing patterns everywhere . Fibonacci Theory . Yes ! I see it . Then I was exposed to Algebra and abstract concepts . If only I had easy explanations like this : . By Barbara Bray September 21 , 2009 -- 08:28 AM . Jonathan Zittrain suggests the Internet is made up of millions of disinterested acts of kindness , curiosity and trust . People like to solve problems . Wikipedia is just 45 minutes away from destruction . The readers care about it to create a counter - vandalism unit . I am finding this same thing happen with My eCoach . People are checking links , submitting websites and images , and coming up with new ideas all the time for My eCoach because they care about the community . They are also supporting each other on their teams . We started My eCoach with the idea we would help eCoaches support their communities . A little different than wikis and blogs . What I am seeing is that more members are contributing , learning from each other , and wanting to support what others are doing . Zittrain 's speech gives us hope for the Internet but how can we use this to stop cyberbullying , stalking , and concerns about predatory acts . Rekindling acts of kindness where each of us fight for each other and stop viral acts that harm anyone . Right now , we created My eCoach with the idea of an eCoach supporting , protecting , and facilitating the work of their members ; pointing to other members ' work and connecting people with similar interests . The power of many of the social networking tools is how they connect people . The viral manner of the Internet is that if something harmful is posted about you on the Internet , your friends and colleagues will be there to support you . This means that there has to be a feeling of trust that you wo n't be similarly attacked . I found that to build trust on Facebook or Twitter is not that easy . You probably have people following you that you do n't know . You can block them , but if you have alot of people , how do you know what the connections are , what they are saying , unless it comes back to you ? We also are identified by the people we are associated with . If you are part of a larger community and some of the people ( you do n't know ) have completely different interests ( be they political or religious ) , will you be branded one way or another ? Are you a lurker and uncomfortable about standing up for your rights ? Will you defend someone else and use your name or post anonymously ? more ... "}
{"url": "http://fair.org/take-action/action-alerts/why-are-winter-soldiers-not-news/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701155060.45/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193915-00252-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "if you were shopping ... # 3 . Green Fairy Quilts , is celebrating their 6th Anniversary with huge discounts on their clearance page . Also , if you use the discount code 6YEARS you will receive additional discounts on everything in the shop - remember they have all those Aurifil collections , for example . Oakshott Fabrics have put together a number of beautiful new bundles in partnership with some very talented bloggers - that one above is called Freesia . Have a look at the bundles here , and you can see them used in fantastic new projects with free patterns here , on the Shotthrough blog . At Sew me a Song , Becca has these Dress Ups by Suzuko Koseki in three colours . Every day new and interesting fabric seems to arrive at Becca 's shop , and I am having the hardest time resisting it . Mad about Patchwork has a new Monday Mosaic bundle , Flight of the Bumblebee at 20 % off until Sunday August 24 at midnight . Mad about Patchwork features a different curated sale bundle each week . Pam also some great new fabrics , including Far Far Away , Hadley and Pretty Potent flannels , in stock . I went browsing around the Fat Quarter Shop - it is always hard to pick what to feature from this huge shop which has so many new things every week . Today I am in love with those sewing machines , and they are part of a lovely new line called Sewing Studio by Cynthia Frenette . Massdrop has this Tutto bag up for 4 more days . This sewing machine travel bag comes in a bunch of sizes and fun colours ( you get to pick both ) so you can wheel your sewing machine onto the subway or into your car and off to sewing day with your friends or guild or to retreat . It is designed to safely move your sewing machine , folds up when not in use , and can even be a suitcase when you are forced to travel without your beloved sewing machine . Enjoy your weekend . I am hoping to enjoy some sewing time as I need to do a big bee block catchup , as well as some time at the beach . 3 comments : . Rosemary b here : Oh no ! ! ! ! I want it all . I have to be good this week but these fabrics are going on my wish list . Wishes Oakshot Sew me a Song and yikes ! ! -- Sewing Studio is adorbs . The sewing bag looks incredible . Love that color right there ! Thanks for sharing the good stuff today . Thank you for stopping to comment and I will try to respond individually to to you if you have an email attached to your profile . If you do n't hear back from me you might be a no - reply commenter and I encourage you to change that . Here I am : . My Sponsors . I support : . Search This Blog . My Blog List . "}
{"url": "http://chillopedia.com/category/social-media/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701156520.89/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193916-00076-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Food & Drink . Recreation . Shopping . Other . Dillon 's making world class booze just beyond the GTA . Dillon 's Small Batch Distillery became something of a conversation starter in Toronto bars over the course of this year . Using locally grown ingredients , he 's produced three stunning liquors in 2013 that are cropping up on backbars across the province . With only the white rye currently available through the LCBO , it seems that no cocktail enthusiast 's day trip into wine country is complete without making the visit to Dillon 's . Some friends and I made the trek to see what all the fuss was about , and to get utterly charmed along the way . Armed with romantic notions of sea - sprayed Islay distilleries , operating since the dawn of the industrial age , we passed the time on our journey down the QEW imagining the quaint old buildings we 'd be exploring . The truth was very far removed from this . Occupying a former bike repair shop tucked off the highway , the guys here have pulled together a functional building with a little charm . Copper piping and reclaimed wood complement the medicine bottle aesthetic of the products on offer . We 're met by Whitney Rorison , who manages the site and , along with Geoff 's father - in - law ( Chairman Garry Huggins ) , allows Geoff and Peter to focus on the product . \" The sky 's the limit on what we can make , \" says Geoff , in reference to the unique 5000-litre column still he 's had designed and constructed by German manufactures CARL alongside his pot still . His column still is busy pouring out high - proof spirit , pulling out at an eye - watering 92.5 % , and he cuts this with filtered rainwater to create the basis for his concoctions . With both stills in operation , he 's capable of producing any variety of spirit under the sun . The focus so far , however , has been on utilizing the local bounty . The gin is also made entirely with botanicals grown locally by Peter , and contains a massive juniper hit in combination with the grappa - like qualities from the spirit . Dillon 's also produces a range of cocktail bitters , utilizing the same grape - spirit base as found in both the gin and vodka . There are more along the way , and plans are afoot to see it in downtown retailers before long . Also in the works are a number of passion projects , some may be bottled , while a number appear to be just for fun . The absinthe , made with Ontario wormwood , and the Rose gin ( a liqueur , like Sloe gin , but made with rosehip and rose petals ) are especially exciting , but the pear eaux - de - vie , is also worth inquiring about on a visit . For those unable to make the trip , you can find the award - winning White Rye on LCBO shelves right now , whilst the Unfiltered Gin should be hitting stores next month . Tried to buy this at their distillery on my way back from Niagara in June , they had a private event going on , so I could not go in . I asked if they would sell a bottle if I gave them the cash , but they would not do it . 5 minutes of their time may have sold me , but now I wo n't both trying it , enough good stuff out there to hold me over . Get Connected . Links & Resources . Our directory of useful links and resources . "}
{"url": "http://planet3.org/2014/06/01/whither-planet-3-0/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148475.34/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00028-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Pages . Fans of BBC 's In Our Time are to be alerted and warned . Melvyn Bragg has just started a special series about the history of the Royal Society . Yesterday we got the first issue , today the second has already come around and at this rate one must make sure to trigger download every day in order to not miss out . As we know all too well , BBC podcasts do not last long in their feeds . And while you are rushing ahead to lay your hands on this special edition of IOT , do not miss out on the latest episode in the regular series . Last Thursday we were treated with an excellent chapter about Mary Wollstonecraft . She was in many ways , of course , the first feminist . Consequently we learn much of her unraveling of women 's issues in the eighteenth century . As interesting as the history is , Wollstonecraft appears from the show as a fascinating multi - faceted figure , I was also struck by how relevant her story is still today . After about 26 minutes on the show , the speakers emphasize how in her time women were always stuck in an eroticized framework . Women were first and foremost about sexuality , anything about women was always also about sexuality . Wollstonecraft is portrayed as the first to demand women be treated as human beings , regardless of their gender , when the subject is not sex . The tone at which this is done is as if this is different today . But I feel we have hardly progressed at this point . A fellow podcast listener subscribed to the podcast Veertien Achttien and fetches the feed with Juice . On his PC he can listen to the issues of Veertien Achttien , but when he transports the file to his Creative Zen player , the file wo n't play at all . Files that come from other feeds do not give this problem . I have run a test with Juice and noticed the file name was extremely long , but renaming the file to something shorter , did not solve the problem . Problem reports on Creative Zen players I have looked up on the web , do not describe similar problems . I have no Creative Zen player to further test it myself , so I turn to you , dear readers . Does this problem seem familiar to anyone ? Does somebody have the same player and does the problem reproduce ? If the same feed is read through iTunes and the file copied to the player , do you have the same problem ? Any hint is appreciated , please leave comments below . It can be done anonymously . About Anne is a Man ! I am an avid listener to podcasts . When I noticed my friends kept asking me for listening tips , I realized I should publish them on my blog . So that is what I do . Whatever good I have found in my playlist , I report . Thus you are helped to discover what you like . I am originally from the Netherlands , but I have moved to Israel some ten years ago . I am married and have two children . [ more ] . The most elite of the podcast reviewers ( and most especially in the History genre ) . We use Anne is a Man ! as a sort of barometer for how we are doing . Anne is a Man can assume the role of THE podcast reviewer on line ; no one does it as well as he does . "}
{"url": "http://hkk98.deviantart.com/art/2012-theme-Hatsune-Miku-2-0-1-2-279166492", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701156448.92/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193916-00338-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Pages . The psychology podcast Shrink Rap Radio is immensely varied . As rich as the field of psychology is in perspectives and methods and theories it is all brought to you by the host Dr. David van Nuys . The podcast is in its fourth year and still comes out regularly , about once a week . As I have written before , even though Shrink Rap Radio is one of my all time favorites in the podcasting landscape , I find it hard to keep up . So that last show I have finally finished listening to is show # 180 with Nova Spivack , whereas Dr. Dave has already proceeded to publishing shows up to number 186 . And the show is still getting better all the time . At a first glance , the interview with Nova Spivack does not seem to relate to the field of psychology too much , however , we may soon find out it is extremely relevant . Dr. Dave has a knack for registering what is important and he seems to indicate , that the rapid developments in other sciences about the brain , both in the realm of neuroscience and of artificial intelligence and robotics are going to radically influence psychology in the near future . Spivack comes to speak about ideas about the brain . What it is and to what extent for example the internet is approaching the existence of a one large brain . From brain the talk spills into issues of consciousness and this becomes , indeed , a psychology podcast again . As so many other podcasters , Dr. Dave is struggling with the financing of his show . He has been experimenting with advertising and he has been considering making a premium show . Many podcasts feature advertisements these days , but still the income hardly covers the costs of the show . I have just noted Dan Klass 's Bitterest Pill that has taken the direction of the premium show , but Dr. Dave announces on his show , that is not his idea . He takes the direction Cameron Reilly ( The Podcasting Network ) has chosen , that of the pledge drive . Listeners are asked for their donations and in turn , David van Nuys will attempt to make the show without advertising and without premium content . I hope this will work . I feel that maybe this approach should have more chance if a group of shows would pool together and ask for funds - I figure that is the direction of the future . Until then , if there is any show on the web that deserves the support it is asking , it is Shrink Rap Radio . About Anne is a Man ! I am an avid listener to podcasts . When I noticed my friends kept asking me for listening tips , I realized I should publish them on my blog . So that is what I do . Whatever good I have found in my playlist , I report . Thus you are helped to discover what you like . I am originally from the Netherlands , but I have moved to Israel some ten years ago . I am married and have two children . [ more ] . The most elite of the podcast reviewers ( and most especially in the History genre ) . We use Anne is a Man ! as a sort of barometer for how we are doing . Anne is a Man can assume the role of THE podcast reviewer on line ; no one does it as well as he does . "}
{"url": "http://www.simplysensationalfood.com/2014/07/announcing-eventlets-cook-with.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701151789.24/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193911-00197-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Nail Polish of the Day : Zoya Richelle . Hope ya'll are having a fabulous Wednesday ! I 'm continuing with my Zoya themed week with a gorgeous foiltastic shade from the Flourish collection . Richelle is a warm bronze metallic with gold shimmer that 's perfect for those summer days . In the sunlight , the color turns into more of a foil finish ( see blurred pic above ) that 's gorgeous for those bronzed beauties . My application was used three coats , even though you can get by with two . It 's just my three coat thing , I ca n't seem to get past . Patricia said , on Sep 26th , 2012 12:11 pm regarding Product Review : Red Carpet Manicure Pro Kit Hi Steph , Love your blog . You wrote : Always wrap the free edge or tip throughout each step . I did n't see this step in the video . Could you please explain how to do the wrap process and with what material . Thank you . Megan said , on Sep 8th , 2012 1:12 am regarding Product Review : Red Carpet Manicure Pro Kit I am wondering if these gel polishes can be used with other gels . I have a different system with a different brand of base coat and top coat , can the different brands of gel mix ? Anyone else having that issue ? Is there a way to thin them out ? Steph said , on Jul 3rd , 2012 4:14 pm regarding Wet n Wild Flash Dry Nail Colors Hi Prinzy , It was a gorgeous color ! I remember picking up a few bottles because I loved the color so much ! lol ! Actually , yes , I 'm launching a store in the next couple of weeks . I have everything built , I 'm just working on the Terms and Conditions right now , so it should be very , very soon . I only have about 10 Studio M colors in the store currently , but I will be taking special pre - orders once it opens . prinzy said , on Jul 3rd , 2012 3:47 pm regarding Wet n Wild Flash Dry Nail Colors I missed out on speed , looks like a gorgeous high - end purple . btw , are you still thinking of selling studio m nail polishes on your website ? thanks . Debra said , on May 26th , 2012 4:59 pm regarding Product Review : Red Carpet Manicure Pro Kit I 've been playing with this system for about a month now . I love it ! When I first started I used the clear just so I could get a feel for it . Then I got adventurous and tried a \" sandwich \" with a China Glaze color . It probably would have stayed on longer if I had been able to seal off the edges , but my nails were so short it was a bit difficult . The next time I used RCM gel polish in Simply Stunning ( a pale slightly shimmery nude color ) . This time I had gotten enough practice to really make my coats thin and it worked out fabulous . I 'm trying to send all my friends the Ulta 20 % coupon ( 5/26 is the last day ) so they can get a kit for about $ 64 . :) Now I hope to get a little creative with color combos and nail design . Thanks for the review . "}
{"url": "http://martintanaka.blogspot.com/2008/12/ultimas-publicaciones-de-idea.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701167113.3/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193927-00189-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Tuesday , December 11 , 2012 . Karen at Exaclair graciously sent this Clairefontaine Triomphe Stationery tablet with blank pages to me for review . Thank you , Karen ! I was very much looking forward to trying out this paper because I 'd heard so much about it , and I have been searching for new plain stationery for letter - writing purposes . This particular tablet is an A5 , or 5.875 \" x 8.25 \" . If you need to picture this , think of Rhodia 's N. 16 pads . The Triomphe tablet is very simple - with a soft cardboard - type cover and a stiffer cardboard back cover to offer a more firm writing surface . The front cover folds back completely , along creased edges , so the tablet always looks clean and sharp , even when it 's been folded repeatedly . The first page is lined and the rest are blank . I have a terrible time writing straight on blank pages , I do n't know why , and I try really hard to concentrate and not do it , but I always fail . This is perfect for me . I just tear out a page , place it over top the lined page , and the lines are easily visible through the paper so they provide the perfect guide . There are 50 removable pages in this tablet - not perforated , just removable from the glue at the top . The 90 g paper is acid - free and pH neutral so it is archival quality . Now your pen pals can keep your letters forever ! The paper is very clean and white . It 's a pleasure to look at because it is visually flawless - no little fiber bits or blobs or anything unusual in it . Just a clean blank slate to work with . The paper is very smooth but does not feel slick or coated , which is very common with Clairefontaine / Rhodia paper . I expected this paper to be seriously fountain pen friendly , as in , it would handle anything . Realistically , it will handle most fountain pens . With this Waterman flex pen though , ink flow is very generous and very wet . Where the ink was most pooled , there was some bleed through . When I wrote with the pen normally , that is , without pressure / flex , even though the ink flow was still generous and wet , there was no bleed through . When a wet fountain pen moves quickly across this paper , there are less chances of bleed through as well . Despite the bleed through , there was no feathering , which is more important to me . The letters were still beautiful and crisp , so I am still very pleased . This is a very nice tablet of lovely , clean , and crisp white fountain pen - friendly paper . Clairefontaine holds the bar high for paper quality , both in terms of user experience and the manufacturing process , and I 'm still pleased with this paper , despite the bleed through experienced with the very wet flex pen . Normal use ( i.e. not crazy wet inky pooling flex pen use ) gives a great writing experience ! With matching envelopes , it makes a pretty set for sending off to friends and family . Colored inks pop on this paper ! "}
{"url": "http://www.blogto.com/city/2012/06/its_time_to_get_purposeful_with_plastic_bag_fee_revenue/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701158811.82/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193918-00131-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Tuesday , February 01 , 2005 . Bad Flu . Do n't really know why but these few days I always have a flu in the morning . Maybe I am still sick that 's why . But I heard that if someone is really sick , a fever would accompany whatever symptoms he might be showing . So I guess I am just unwell ... haha . If this was the case back in the SARS period that we experience , a lot of attention would be given to the guy who got the flu . Consider this scenario . Teacher : Class , please take out the Ketones worksheet that I gave you yesterday . I presume that all of you have done it . A : Eh ... B , I never do leh ... how ? Now a bit scared aldy . Last time this teacher always talk a lot ... say want to do this and do that to those who never do their work . But recently I heard tt she will bring those who never do to see HER . B : ( Displaying a shocked face ) You mean ... HER ? As in HER .... the HER that we all ... fear ? Teacher : Aloh ... you two ... wad are the two of you talking about ? A and B : Nothing Cher . B : Yah ... I know . Now SARS period right ? Why do n't you ... . A : Hehe ... I know what you talking about . Ok ... ok . Teacher : A arh ... you like take so long to take your homework . Did you like left it at home ? A : No Cher . But I am think I am sick . Not feeling well lah ... throat a bit sore , cough ( pretends to cough ) and I think I may have a fever . Teacher : You sure anot ? Go outside the class and measure your temperature . B goes outside and takes his temperature . However , the temperature would not go above 36.7 . In order to qualify for the semi - finals .... erm I mean fever , B needs to achieve a minimum temperature of 37.5 and above . B : Oh man ... why wo n't the temperature go up ? If continue like that ... I will get into trouble . Haiz . Then a stroke of genius ( or should I say craftiness ) hit B. He took out the thermometer and rubbed it . To his delight , temperature easily shot up to above 37.5 . Feeling unsatisfied , he continued rubbing it until it reached 39.1 . B : Teacher sure ask me to go home one . Hehe . Now I just need to act sick . My face adjust a bit here and there ... . Teacher : So how 's your temperature ? B : ( Cough) ... Cher ( Cough even louder ) my temperature is 39.1 ( Cough like until want to die ) . Teacher : I think you better go home . You wo n't want to infect the other students here . B : Yes teacher ... thanks for your understanding . With that B packs his bag and dragged his feet out of the classroom . Once outside , he ran to the bus stop and went to MacDonald 's and eat . About Me . Steph here means Stephen and not Stephanie . I use Steph as my family and friends call me \" Steph \" which sounds way much better than \" Xi Di Fen \" . I am now in NTU studying Materials Engineering :) Hope that you 'll enjoy your time spent in my blog :D "}
{"url": "http://theenterprisereport.typepad.com/news/2009/03/exclusive-fbi-docs-did-feds-ignore-rubins-suicide-warning.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701152097.59/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193912-00064-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "The bad thing about \" March Madness \" is most of the games take place during the day when the tournament first gets started . It is hard to keep track of the Ohio State score with your boss peeking over your shoulder . Well Hooters has come to the rescue ! They are offering up a doctor 's excuse , along with a coupon for a free appetizer . So just call in sick , head down to your local Hooter 's , enjoy the games and come back to work on Monday with an excuse . I am not sure who thought of this but it is genius . If you are interested in participating all you have to do is go to the link below and print off your doctor 's note and free appetizer coupon . Enjoy the games everyone . The Super Bowl reminds me of my grandfather . We loved betting on the Super Bowl props . We would put $ 10 on 10 we thought we could win and would watch the games together . It just makes watching more fun . My grandfather taught me how to gamble and while some might think that is a bad thing , it is one of my fondest memories . He taught me how to play cards and then would get me in the game with all his friends and I would take all their money . When I was 13 years old , I told people when I grow up I wanted to become a bookie . My grandfather is a lot of the reason I am the person I am today and I like who I am . My grandfather passed away in 2005 . To be honest , things have not been the same since . I miss him very much . I still carry on the props tradition and would like to share with you my picks for today . My first pick of course was to take my Steelers +3 . I love taking the Steelers as an underdog because they usually cover , if not win the game . I am counting on them to win it outright today . Now for the props ... we always do the coin toss . This year I am going to go with tails . My next prop just looked so obvious to me . Usually that is a bad sign but I am going to go ahead and go with it . I have taken the over for longest field goal of 43.5 yards . How many games have there been at least 45 yard field goals ? Surely one of these kickers can hit one in an indoor stadium . Last but not least ... Heath Miller . I love this guy and this one jumped out at me . I have taken Heath Miller to go over 3.5 receptions today . In a radio interview today , Tom Brady admitted to being whipped . He was asked by the radio host , Greg Hill,\"is there anything I can do to make you cut your hair ? \" Brady responds , \" Ah , you 'll have to speak to my wife about that . \" Gag . It sucks that Tom Brady can stand up straight , tall and still in the pocket while Roethlisberger has to run for his life every down . Man if roles were reversed I would love to see what kind of QB Brady really is . "}
{"url": "http://betbender.blogspot.com/2007_10_11_archive.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701161942.67/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193921-00266-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Mr. Percival had been ill for several weeks , and was operated on at the St. Joseph Hospital in that city about a week ago for cancer of the liver . He had been removed to his home and suddenly became worse . Mr. Percival was the son of Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Percival , early settlers from Kentucky , residing at Waverly , Mo. , where he was born February 26 , 1862 . He was 67 years , four months and six days old at the time of his death . His father died in that vicinity after which he and his mother moved to this city . After several years residence here he went into the furniture business with the late A. M. Fowler . The firm was known as Fowler & Percival . A few years later , Mr. Fowler withdrew and he entered into partnership with Norman Holt , adding plumbing and heating to the business . They were located for years in the building now occupied by Fred Harrison . After retiring from business Mr. Percival became traveling salesman for a plumbing company and made his headquarters in this city , moving to Kansas City some years ago where he continued as salesman . Mr. Percival was united in marriage to Miss Nellie Maitland , at the home of her parents , Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Maitland , near Millville , by whom he is survived . Funeral services will be held in this city , Friday afternoon at 2:00 o'clock at the Thurman Funeral home , conducted by Rev. Dr. Rogers , of Kansas City . The body is now at the Thurman Funeral home . Burial will occur in Sunny Slope Cemetery . Mr. Percival was one of the outstanding citizens of Richmond while a resident and in business here . He was widely known over the county and had many friends . His father came from Kentucky - it is true , but he died during the Civil War outside of Little Rock , Arkansas . No mention is made of his brother Herbert . It 's true that Herbert went back to Covington , Kentucky to live with relatives while he completed medical school . From there he eventually settled in North Dakota and then in California from whence he disappeared . It 's great that the obituary lists his step - brothers and sisters , but since Henry was apprenticed out by the time his mother remarried and did not live with her , does it really count ? And where is the mention of Henry 's grandchildren . By this time he had four of them . 4 comments : . Funny . A couple of weeks ago I gathered information on the Percival - Maitlands when working on a KC history project . Nothing big , but when I saw Maitland I knew it was the same family . I live very close to his 41st St. residence . It could be that this land was originally part of the Troost and/or Prudhomme plantations . Is it possible his son was estranged ? Oooh . Info on the Percivals & Maitlands ? ? ? Estrangement ? Possibly . All the letters that my grandfather , John Stearns Percival saved from World War I were from his mother ( Helen Maitland ) and his fiance ( Mary Bowman ) . Certainly John S Percival was living in Detroit , had two children by the time his father died and Mary Percival French also had two children . By family accounts \" Henry \" was closer to his daughter than his son and Helen Maitland Percival was closer to her son . One of the WWI letters sort of alludes to his . You can contact me at gen.witchATgmailDOTcom . "}
{"url": "http://autaux.deviantart.com/art/QUAKE-SHAMBLER-120305495", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148758.73/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00038-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "MUFON witness statement : During the afternoon of May the 15th , 2010 a few friends of mine took some pictures of this strange formation in the clouds . They said that this long cylinder formation did not seem to be moving and after about 5 minutes or so slowly dissipated . From their description of the event it did not sound as if it was some kind of craft but I found the pictures so interesting that I wanted to find out if this is a naturally occurring event . So far I have not been able to find anything like it . Take a look at the pic and see for yourself . NOTE : this was seen in an undisclosed location in Virginia . Very interesting ... especially with the description of not moving then dissipating . Possibly a portal ? Any thoughts ? Lon . Blog Archive . Phantoms & Monsters Videos . Hotlinking of P&M Network images and copyrighted material is strictly forbidden unless permission is obtained . ' Disclaimer : The publication of any and all content e.g. , articles , reports , editorials , commentary , opinions , as well as graphics and or images on this web - site does not constitute sanction or acquiescence of said content unless specified ; it is solely for informational purposes . Fair Use Notice : This site may contain copyrighted material the use of which may not be specifically authorized by the copyright owner . We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of environmental , political , human rights , economic , democratic , scientific , social justice , and religious issues , etc . We believe this constitutes a ' fair use ' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law . In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107 , the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes . You understand that all Content posted on , transmitted through , or linked from the Phantoms and Monsters Site , are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated . You are responsible for all Content that you post , email or otherwise make available via the Phantoms and Monsters Site . Phantoms and Monsters does not control , and is not responsible for Content made available through the Phantoms and Monsters Site . By using the Phantoms and Monsters Site , you acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content from other users that is offensive , indecent , inaccurate , misleading , or otherwise objectionable . For commercial and/or recreational use of the foregoing my written consent is required at all times . By this release , I tell all unauthorized person and/or parties that it is strictly forbidden to disclose , copy , distribute , broadcast , or to take any other action against me on the basis of its contents . The actions mentioned above apply equally to employees , students , agents and/or other staff under the direction of the offending parties . The contents of my profile include private information . The violation of my privacy is punished by the law ( UCC 1 1 - 308 - 308 1 -103 and the Rome Statute ) \u00a9 2005 - 2016 Phantoms and Monsters / PM Network - All Rights Reserved "}
{"url": "https://www.behance.net/gallery/Diamond-Matchbox-Redesign/3698543", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701152097.59/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193912-00156-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "the quantity of animal based foods and processed foods consumption is directly correlated to degenerative diseases , especially heart disease , cancer , diabetes , obesity and even erectile disfunction . animal protein has shown that its addition into the diet alone can turn on and off cancer . a whole foods plant based diet has the power to cure many diseases . a whole foods plant based diet has the power to prevent many diseases . Hospital Serves Cancer Patient Animal Based Meals and Processed Foods . Would you give an alcoholic a bottle of wine ? Would you temp someone who just quit smoking with a cigarette ? Then why do hospitals serve Cancer patients , and other patients who are struggling with health and possibly life itself , processed foods and animal products - the very foods that cause disease in the first place ? Last week , someone very close to my heart had a lung operation to remove cancer cells . While I was undoubtedly saddened by the news , I was appalled at what kind of food was served to her at the hospital . And this was in a very well known and respected hospital ! Her very first and subsequent drink offers at the hospital : . ginger ale with high fructose corn syrup with loads of ice . cranberry juice from a plastic tub ( the kind that makes the juice taste like plastic ) . apple juice concentrate from Argentina and China . She also noted that she had quite a difficult time getting the nurses to give her just plain water without ice . French toast . 2 pieces of greasy bacon ( after surgery ? really ? ) and . canned fruit . Lunch : . turkey and gravy . mashed potatoes ( with butter ? ) green beans and grapes ( at least ! ) Dinner : . beef stew and . broccoli ( another at least ! ) Snacks : Family and friends were offered ice cream , which was full of artificial ingredients except for the first ingredient , milk . The total ignorance in choices offered by the hospital 's food service is appalling but not really surprising . I remind myself , this is probably how many people eat . This is considered normal food . But it is wrong on so many levels . What To Do To Change What Hospitals Feed Patients ? While many of us are unable to make drastic changes to hospital food services , we can make our choices known ! For family and friends of patients , bring better options for your loved ones : . I just watched Blue Vinyl last night . This was an excellent documentary about PVC . PVC is everywhere - in our houses , in our children 's toys , in the air and most concerning- in our food . Low exposures to dioxins from the manufacture and disposal of PVC cause mutations thus tumors in our bodies . Any molecule that is present in our bodies poses a risk of cancer . As a doctor from Columbia University said on the film : \" Zero exposure is best \" . Dioxins affect EVERYONE - not only those who live near the factories that create PVC ( i.e. Lake Charles , Louisiana and Venice , Italy ) . \" PVC is the worst plastic from an environmental health perspective , posing great environmental and health hazards in its manufacture , product life and disposal . \" - MyHouseIsY ourHouse.org ( My House is Your House is the consumer education and advocacy campaign tied to Blue Vinyl . ) In fish , these toxins bioaccumulate up the food chain so that dioxin levels in fish are 100,000 times that of the surrounding environment . The best way to avoid dioxin exposure is to reduce or eliminate your consumption of meat and dairy products by adopting a vegan diet . \" I know of family recipes that are based solely on canned soups and vegetables . And growing up , I remember enjoying Pork and Beans , Corned Beef Hash and Cream of ' X ' Soup . Today , I make our family 's food fresh from scratch . And yes - canned food is # 3 on the list - foods that are acidic and high in fat in particular , contain high levels of BPA which leach from the epoxy lining of the can . If you are like me and worry about BPA levels , GREENS could completely block the negative effects of BPA , especially spinach and whole soy products . We love Green Smoothie Revolution , especially the chapter on Green Smoothies for Kids . Our son 's ( and my husband 's ) favourite green smoothies are : . Graduate of T. Colin Campbell 's Plant Based Nutrition Course . Graduate of Institute for Humane Education . Co - author of . Recipes . Everything Star Wars here . Why not soap too ? Here 's a gentle , unscented recipe for kids of all ages . Recipe : 5 % castor oil 15 % coconut oil 80 % olive oil water lye ( NaOH ) run it through my fave soap calculator to get the amount you want At trace , divide up your batch : leave some plain add activated charcoal [ ... ] . I wanted to create a Sandalwood Soap with the look and feel of wood , as well as the sensual fragrance of sandalwood . Here it is ! Recipe : 10 % avocado oil ( for a more moisturizing soap ) 25 % coconut oil 65 % olive oil water lye ( NaOH ) run it through my fave soap calculator to get the amount you want At trace , [ ... ] . I was really excited about the potentiality of this Amber Crystal Soap project because I love amber crystals and their scent . I prefer to stick to natural products and do n't add unnatural colourants to my soap , so I was uncertain how the soaps would look . Here they are ! Recipe : 30 % coconut oil 30 % vegetable shortening for vegans and [ ... ] . I wanted to create Gothic English Rose Soaps , but did n't think the older ladies in my family would understand it . So I have some all white bars and some with a layer of activated charcoal . They look beautiful . I snuck in some all black Gothic - looking mini rose soaps too . Recipe : 20 % coconut oil 80 % olive oil water [ ... ] . I read that the quality of olive oil one uses in soaps drastically changes the final product of soap . There is a lot to read about Castile Soaps on the internet , but I wanted to experiment on my own to verify what I read . Well , it is true : plain olive oil produces a creamier texture , while extra virgin olive [ ... ] . Research . Over the past year , our family has changed how we eat ... yet again . After our 7 year old Vegan decided to become an Omnivore , we discovered he had extremely high LDL . Several doctors we consulted suggested statins if he was unable to lower his cholesterol . Our goal was to decrease his LDL dramatically . A Largely Vegetarian Diet [ ... ] . First of all , thank you Nancy Redd and HuffPost Live for having me for a much needed discussion . Watch the video here ! My thoughts to : @ninaplanck - there are communities in Asia whose main diets have been largely strict vegetarian for many centuries ( some Hindus , Jain and Buddhists ) and their kids are fine ! @chubbyveganmom - wish we [ ... ] . Problem My dear friend 's daughter suffered for over a year with big plantar warts on her feet . She could n't walk for months ! Freezing DID NOT help . The warts only grew bigger . Oregano oil DID NOT help either . What helped ? Soaking with Apple Cider Vinegar ! Results These are the photos after soaking the foot , from Day 1 [ ... ] . My Vegan Homeschool buddy , Bonnie , finally succeeded in getting her Omnivore Hubby , Crosby , to go on a Raw Vegan Diet for a week . Together , they lost almost 10 pounds . Bonnie discovered more energy and Crosby discovered he could actually enjoy Raw Vegan foods . Q : Why did you and hubby decide to go raw ? How did you convince your [ ... ] . A few months ago after an allergy test cleared him for some animal proteins , my Vegan 7 year old son wanted to eat beef jerky , cheese and eggs , and drink goat 's milk . Although as a Vegan , I would naturally like my son to reap the benefits of a plant - based diet , I allowed him to decide for himself . [ ... ] . Labels . Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system . Disclaimer . The information provided on this website should not be construed as personal medical advice or instruction . No action should be taken based solely on the contents of this site . Readers should consult appropriate health professionals on any matter relating to their health and well being . The information and opinions provided here are believed to be accurate and sound , based on the best judgment available to the authors , but readers who fail to consult appropriate health authorities assume the risk of any injuries . This website is not responsible for errors or omissions . The website and/or the authors are not liable for any adverse health outcome related directly or indirectly to the contents herein . "}
{"url": "https://www.behance.net/gallery/VIPER-FRENZY/7026661", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701158601.61/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193918-00335-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Pages . It took me a month and 5 days to go through innumerable articles , blogs , research papers and cinematic reference materials , to be able to jot something crisp about Satyajit Ray from his vast ocean of Filmography . And then finally I came across my weapon of choice to share with you some interesting information on Manik da ( Satyajit Ray 's nickname ) . I picked the most fascinating yet uncanny unspoken message behind most of Ray 's work . If you meticulously watch all the above movies , you will feel Ray 's ardent love for his young audience . The movies catered immense learning amidst entertainment for children ; and each one had a strong moral to learn from its narration and story . And if you are still thinking where did Ray get the expertise to understand his young audience so well , do n't forget he belongs to the great Ray family known for four generations from Upendrakishore Ray Chowdhury to Sandip Ray - all great storytellers . As a child I had strong memories of many of the books by Upendrakishore Ray Chowdhury because I had read them over and over again . Upendrakishore was an accomplished writer , painter , violin player and composer , technologist and entrepreneur . He was the grandfather who wrote storybooks for children . \" Tuntunir Boi \" with its illustrations , coupled with the version of Ramayan and Mahabharat that he had written for children were some of the earliest books I read . Speaking of his illustrious ancestors , Satyajit Ray himself never hesitated to rate Upendrakishore Ray 's draftsmanship as an illustrator higher than that of Sukumar Ray . The children 's monthly magazine \" Sandesh \" that Upendrakishore started in 1913 always had the best of stories and drawings . After the death of Upendrakishore Roy Chowdhury in 1915 , his eldest son Sukumar Ray succeeded as the editor of the magazine in 1915 . The Sukumar Ray years established \" Sandesh \" as a unique magazine that combined literary values with humour and fun and a lot of information from different parts of the world . Sukumar ( father of Satyajit Ray ) was a Bengali humorous poet , storywriter and playwright . As perhaps the most famous Indian practitioner of literary humour , he is often compared to Lewis Carroll , who dedicated his life in writing poems and short stories for children ( primarily ) . More than 80 years after his death , Ray remains one of the most popular of children 's writers in both West Bengal and Bangladesh . Deep within the roots of Ray family , each generation carried their love for children through their work and along carried the glimpse of it through the children 's magazine \" Sandesh \" which was periodically published . I got introduced to Ray 's iconic sleuth Feluda through the pages of Sandesh magazine and Feluda is a part of my household today through Satyajit - Sandip Ray 's cinematography and through the pages of Anadamela Pujabarshiki . All Bengalis have \" daak - naam \" meaning , nick names . And as his admirers and friends called Satyajit Ray Manik da , so was the detective character Pradosh Chandra Mitter given a daak - naam as \" Feluda \" . Feluda was tall , ambidextrous , a quiet brooding man who had a sharp eye for every detail . Each Feluda story ( targeted mainly for Ray 's young audience ) was set in a different city , full of historical trivia and wonderful sketches done by Ray . Feluda was the sleuth who solved all the unsolvable mysteries along with his cousin Topshe and friend Jatayu . Jatayu joined Feluda in the sixth adventure and remained there till Indrajal Rahasya . That was the last adventure of Feluda penned by Ray . Ray was meticulous in his documentation and he wrote copiously for children . From 1972 , Ray started putting the date when he started a new story and also marked the date when he would complete the story . A short story would be completed in anything from two to five days . A novella would take as little as three days and a full - length novel would need six days of writing or at most about thirty - three days . The Feluda stories first showed up on celluloid with \" Sonar Kella \" made in 1974 . Ray wrote the sixth adventure of Feluda in 1971 . The film was set against the backdrop of the fort in the city of Jaisalmer that was built in the twelfth century . Feluda chases the two villains who have abducted a young child who recalls living in a golden fort in his previous birth . The yellow sandstone walls of the Jaisalmer fort glow in the light of the setting sun camouflaged in the yellow desert . What an unforgettable cinematic moment with a strong central character of a child - \" Ray 's another dedication to his young audience \" . The second cinematic adventure of Feluda was Joy Baba Felunath . It was set in the city of Varanasi . Complete with the shots of the bathing ghats , sadhus and the serpentine lanes , Benaras seemed like the most logical setting for the villain Maganlal Meghraj 's den . Utpal Dutt 's performance as Maganlal Meghraj is understated and unforgettable . The moment you see him on screen you need to hide behind Feluda who is the only one who is staring back at the villain as he engages in a battle of the mind . What a lovely treat as a film ! Ray 's legendary work \" The Apu Trilogy \" ( another treat to his young audience ) appears in the Time magazine 's all time 100 greatest films made since 1923 . He was awarded the Dadasaheb Phalke award in 1985 and received the Bharat Ratna and an honorary Oscar shortly before he passed away on 23rd April 1992 . I have been deeply influenced by his approach to telling stories and his sketches that accompanied each one of the adventures of Feluda . It 's been long Feluda has stopped telling us about his adventures and so summer vacations have never been the same for Bengali young readers . Sandip Ray , after his success in making Feluda movies , has recently come up with his account of time he had with Feluda , the famous Bengali detective created by his father , in a book named Aami aar Feluda . Sandip 's book deals with the background stories of all Feluda Movies and Telefilms . Aami aar Feluda is ghostwritten by author Sebabrata Banerjee . Sebabrata has tried to follow the smart and fluent style of writing introduced by Satyajit Ray that has made the new Feluda number a good reading experience . Currently he is busy in making film on ' Tarini Khuro ' , which is also an interesting character among children created by Satyajit ray besides Feluda and Prof. Shanku . And did I mention what a prolific illustrator Satyajit Ray was ! Ray mastered his own unique style that we have come to love . As a youngster Ray learnt painting and graphic art for two years and five months at the Tagore University in Shantiniketan . He learnt to wield his brush with amazing dexterity . With immense contribution from this family and specially from the master himself ( Satyajit Ray ) , this is my tribute to the legend and his work . Thank you for creating a very unique world of children literature dipped in your intellectual thoughts and soaked in Bengali culture - . Its 2 days away from \" Mahalaya \" and a week apart from Durgotsav / Durga Puja ... and I can actually smell bhorer sheuli r mishti gondho ( fragrant sweet smell of the morning bloom ) with the gentle breeze blowing in my backyard . And then I wake up to realise it is not Sheuli ( the fragrant white flower of Bengal ) but the fragrant native bloom I planted last week . Perhaps , it is the exuberance my soul carries around this festive season and I find myself so close to my Bengal , my people , my family and my fond memories of childhood . And as the days get closer , the nature hymns \" Aagomoni \" in the backdrop of the golden sun . Come \" Mahalaya \" and Bengalis get busy to complete the final preparations for their greatest festival - Durga Puja . It 's a kind of invocation or invitation to the mother goddess to descend on earth - \" Jago Tumi Jago \" . This is done through the chanting of mantras and singing devotional songs . Since the early 1930s , Mahalaya has come to associate itself with a radio program called \" Mahisasura Mardini \" or \" The Annihilation of the Demon \" - which is played at pre - dawn , around 4 am in the morning . For nearly six decades now , every house in Bengal wakes up in the pre - dawn hours , 4 am to be precise , on the Mahalaya day to tune in to \" Mahisasura Mardini \" broadcast . This All India Radio ( AIR ) program is a beautiful audio montage of recitation from the scriptural verses of \" Chandi Kavya \" , Bengali devotional songs , classical music and a dash of acoustic melodrama . As the recital begins , the serene morning air resonates with the long drawn sound of the sacred conch shell , immediately followed by a chorus of invocation , melodiously setting the stage for the recitation of the Chandi Mantra ( sacred chants ) . Well , my family gets to bed early the previous day to wake up to listen to the Chandi Mantra from youtube on Mahalaya - even here in Australia - and gets immersed into the spirit of homecoming of Devi . And as we listen , we remember the man , Birendra Krishna Bhadra , whose legendary voice narrates the story of the descent of Durga to earth through Mahalaya Chandi Paath ( sacred chants of Devi Chandi ) . Sir Bhadra has long passed away but his divine aura of narration submerges each Bengali soul in quiet moments of the Morning Prayer as we say - . The best feature to highlight a Bengali home can be inherited from a Bangla wedding and when it comes to this discretion , what could be better than serving a platter of a Bengali Bride 's asset to enhance the decor on your table - top . Each of these items have their own significance in a Bengali wedding ( significant to the bride and to the family she is entering to ) . The \" Gaach Kouto \" is a pot containing a red powder , called sindoor , and a silver coin , which is believed as an accessory of Goddess Lakshmi . So Gaach Kouto symbolizes to bring wealth and blessings of Maa Lakshmi . Talking about another significance , \" Sankha Porano \" ( wearing Sankha bangles ) ceremony is performed by the bride at her wedding . She dons a new sari and the sankha pola , or the conch - shell bangle that has been washed in turmeric water . While the priest chants the sacred verses , 7 married women help the bride wear this bangle that is symbolic of a strong and long lasting relationship . Aspired by the DIY ideas on pinterest - I wanted to take up a completely new project for this weekend . And walla , here I pick something fresh .... ...... my weekend project - simple yet elegant Indian Pearl earring - made at home with ease . This is a lovely DIY project which you can wear for yourself or gift it to your family & friends . And guess what I did to the ones I made - gifted to my best friends for their birthday :-) . As my husband and I embarked on this new journey to get closer to our dreams , we built our abode of love this year holding each other 's hand . Away from the hustle and bustle of city life , rests our dream abode \" Snehalok \" ( meaning light of love ) . The underlying theme behind each d\u00e9cor in the house was vibrancy and color - so we started filling the lounge room was vibrant colors , red being the primary theme . We used Indian traditional - looking wooden furniture in contrast with the modern - style couch in blood red . Old styled vase , brass antiques , silver pots , jewel - beaded lamps and Turkish kilim rugs were used to reflect vibrancy in the room . An essence of \" light of love \" is the bond shared between Radha and Krishna - and symbolically to rejoice over the resonance of true love , you can find peacock feather all over our lounge , living and master bed . Another favorite corner of the house is shared with Rabindranath and my gitobitan ( collection of Rabindra Sangeet , songs written by Rabindranath Tagore ) . We have recently purchased a french chalk - board , quite an antique one , which we use to write a Rabindra Sangeet each day - songs based on mood , weather or month - after all , Tagore 's songs are plenty to choose from ! Dithi is a very talented artist whom I have known through her blogs for quite sometime now . And with the news of my dream home , here she sent her wishes along with Ganpati Bappa to look after my house while we stay at work . Another unique theme for our decor is BnB - Brass n Bengal , which you can find in almost all corner of our house . To dazzle the space with our light of love , we do prefer an amalgamation of perfumed candles with the traditional oil - lit brass diyas ( Indian lamp ) . And being a bong , you can find Bengal in our kitchen to corridor . So our home is never complete without seeking blessings from Maa Durga and Sree Krishna . I was wondering what could be the best gift for my mom on this Mothers 's day than singing one of her favorite song and dedicating this to her ! ! Mom , this was the best way I could say \" I love you a lot \" ! ! Happy Mothers Day to my mother and mother - in - law .... :) . Kabhi Shaam Dhale Lyrics Hindi Song Title : Kabhi Shaam Dhale Movie : SUR Singer(s ) : MAHALAXMI . Aa aa , aa aa aa aa aa aa Oh oh , oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh . Oh oh aa , aa aa aa , aa aa Aa aa aa , aa aa aa , aa aa aa , aa aa aa . Bhalobashi Bhalobashi - ( I love ... I love ... ) Ei shure kachhe dure jole sthole bajaye baashi ! ! ( The tune of the flute that is near - far , in land - water everywhere ! ! ) Aakashe kaar buker maajhe byetha baaje ( It 's the echo of the heart that pains in the midst of the sky ) Digonte kaar kaalo aakhi aakhir jole jaye bhaashi ! ! ( The laughter and tears of bygone days ) Bhalobashi Bhalobashi - ( I love ... I love ... ) . I love this song of Asha Bhosle sung in Bengali and always wanted to cover this . This was the song my mother always sang to make me dance , when I was a kid - and I would gladly perform to the beats :) . Song Title : Mohuaye Jomechhe Aaj Movie / Album : Chokhe Chokhe Kotha Bolo - Bangla Singer : Asha Bhosle Year Release : 1984 Cover by : Chondryma Picture courtesy and video edit : Chondryma . Flickr Album . Total Pageviews . Chondryma 's World . The panchamahabhutas ( 5 basic elements ) that form the universe are air , water , fire , earth and the sky above , but to me the 5 basic elements that form part of me are music , art , d\u00e9cor , food and photography . This is Chondryma and welcome to my space of creative blogging . "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Tags/en-gb?sort=rating", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701146241.46/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193906-00244-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "T his is a fist in the system . I 'm tired of all the exploitation that the rich bring down on us . I 'm tired of the capitalistic system that decides who we are allowed to vote for . I 'm tired of writing to sycophants in Congress whose only desire is to get reelected so they can keep their heads in the trough . I 'm tired of the incessant wars based on conjecture which are crimes of aggression and therefore are illegal under the Geneva Conventions . I 'm tired of being lied to on a daily basis by the talking heads on television that spew garbage and hide what they know to be the truth . I 'm getting weary of those that watch the people when they sneak around and tap telephone calls and read e - mails while they comb through personal computers to see who they can indict for something or other . We should all be getting tired of watching our government beg money from the Fed at interest while they dole it out to the people that are predators , the people that caused this crisis , the people that control the government . The United States is regarded as a rogue nation by most nations on Earth . The fact is that we ARE a rogue nation when you base things on our behavior to other nations . Most of the world hates us and with good reason . We have been led for the last few decades by the scum of the Earth . They have sold out the American worker with their \" Free Trade Agreements \" . They have outsourced our livelihoods . They have made us into a \" service economy \" whatever that hype is supposed to mean . The Democrats are as bad as the Republicans . Obama has yet to make any significant changes that benefit the Middle and Lower classes . The man works for the banks , the pharmaceutical industry and for the oil industry . The day to remember is October 2 nd . Whether we act with passive resistance or violent insistence to paraphrase the song \" In the Red \" by Molotov , either way kids I do n't think they 're listening . We need to make a large impact on October 2 nd . We really need everyone that can manage it to show up in DC on October 2 nd . This could be a last chance . If the far right takes Congress in November , let them see how many people are tired of the status quo . If the Democrats keep Congress let them see how many are disenfranchised . Tell your friends , your neighbors , everyone you know to show up in the Capitol on Oct 2 nd . Car pool or charter a bus . This could be the end of this country as we know it . 50 % of our budget goes to the military . Over 14 Trillion dollars have been given to the banks and the shyster investment houses . Meanwhile the people are being told that we must suck it up . I 've got a better idea ; why not make them \" suck it up \" by refusing to do business with the big box retailers and the financial houses that have their offices on Wall Street ? How about admitting that capitalism is a huge failure ? Especially when it comes those entities that are \" Too Big to Fail \" . The truth is that nothing is too big to fail . The biggest entity that is facing failure is the United States itself . Maybe we would be better off letting it fail so we could free ourselves from empire - building . Maybe failure is in our best interests . Still , before that happens we have to show solidarity with one another . Let us start the \" Velvet Revolution \" on October 2 , 2010 . I look forward to seeing you there . "}
{"url": "http://passiveinvestor.com/thepodcast/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701999715.75/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195319-00266-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Search . Search . Senator Hassell - Thompson Urges Health Precautions For Summertime Fun . Ruth Hassell - Thompson . State Senator Ruth Hassell - Thompson ( D - Bronx / Westchester ) today reminded New Yorkers to take extra precautions when faced with intense heat and humidity this summer . By following simple summer safety tips , everyone can reduce the risk of hot - weather problems , such as dehydration , heat stroke , and skin cancer . \" School 's out , pools are open , and New Yorkers are starting to look for fun ways to cool down as temperatures heat up , \" Senator Hassell - Thompson said . \" Leisurely hours spent outdoors with family and friends play a large part in our summer traditions , but we must protect ourselves from the season 's inherent dangers . \" Summer heat poses serious health risks , even for those who stay indoors , away from direct sunlight . To ensure a safe and healthy summer , the Bronx / Westchester lawmaker recommends the following hot - weather safety tips : . Never leave children or pets in a parked automobile , even with windows cracked open , even for a few minutes . Drink plenty of water , even if you do n't feel thirsty . Those on a fluid - restricted diet or taking diuretics ( water pills ) should consult their doctors . Avoid drinks containing caffeine , alcohol , or large amounts of sugar , which cause you to lose more body fluid and worsen the problem . If possible , stay in an air - conditioned area during spells of particularly hot weather . When outdoors , stay in the shade . Wear light , loose - fitting clothes , including a wide brimmed hat and sunglasses . Apply sunscreen of SPF 15 or higher on all exposed areas of skin . Keep insects away by using bug repellent and/or citronella candles . Ask your doctor about the effects of sun and heat when taking prescription medicines , especially diuretics or antihistamines . On outings , take along a first aid kit containing antiseptic , bandages and pain relievers . Do n't forget your pet-- supply dogs and cats with two to three times the normal amount of water . \" Young children and older adults are particularly susceptible to heat - related illnesses , so monitor them closely for signs of distress . No one wants to make a trip to the emergency room when all they planned on was a day at the beach , \" said Senator Hassell - Thompson . Symptoms of heat - related illnesses include : muscle cramps , weakness , dizziness , nausea , headaches , and confusion . In young children , look for less frequent urination , dark urine with a strong odor , or a drier - than - normal mouth . People with symptoms should find shade , drink water , and sponge bathe with cool water . Seek immediate medical attention if a person appears to be in trouble because of heat . Another summertime health concern is skin cancer , the most common form of cancer and usually caused by chronic overexposure to the sun . Fortunately , it 's largely preventable with proper precautions . Senator Hassell - Thompson noted : \" Sunscreens are the first line of defense . They should be applied liberally , and reapplied every two hours or after swimming . But while they protect against sunburn , sunscreens do n't necessarily prevent cancer- not if you spend more time in the sun , collecting the same total exposure . It 's a good idea to avoid midday sun , when the sun 's rays are brightest . \" \" The best defense against heat - related illness is prevention . Staying cool , drinking plenty of water , and monitoring outdoor activities are the best ways to beat the heat . I urge everyone to take the threat of hot weather seriously . Prepare yourself and your family ahead of time , and enjoy the season , \" Senator Hassell - Thompson concluded . "}
{"url": "http://www.girlscoutssa.org/volunteer/events/2008/11/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701174607.44/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193934-00167-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "See Golden Lion Tamarins at the Smithsonian 's National Zoo . Top Five Reasons to Visit the Smithsonian 's National Zoo this Holiday Season . Instead of hibernating this holiday season , visitors can weather the winter at the Smithsonian 's National Zoo . With so much to see indoors , a stroll through the Zoo will not feel like an arctic trek . Visitors can stop in any of the eight animal houses to warm up , enjoy animal demonstrations and chat with keepers about the Zoo 's residents and conservation efforts . To view the demonstration schedule , visit nationalzoo.si.edu/Visit/DailyPrograms/ . Go Bananas on Turkey Day - This Thanksgiving , take a break from cooking and swing by the Great Ape House and Think Tank for Kiko 's birthday celebration . The Zoo 's only fully adult male orangutan - distinguishable by his large cheek pads and long hair - turns 24 years old Thursday , Nov. 24 . Watch him tear open his birthday pi\u00f1ata to reach the \" cake \" made of leaf - eater chow inside . 2.ZooLights - Sparkling brighter than ever in its fifth straight year at the National Zoo , ZooLights - powered by Pepco - remains the only free holiday light show in the Washington - Metro area . Create memories with loved ones while enjoying dozens of environmentally friendly animal light displays , an \" iceless \" skating rink , train rides around Great Cats circle and more . Visitors can thaw their paws and attend keeper talks in the Small Mammal House , Great Ape House , Reptile Discovery Center , Think Tank and Kids ' Farm . ZooLights will run the weekends of Nov. 25 - 27 , Dec. 2 - 4 , and Dec. 9 - 11 , and every night beginning Dec. 16-Jan . 1 ( except Dec. 24 , 25 , 31 ) , from 5 p.m.-9 p.m. . Meet a Kiwi - Visitors can flock to the Bird House to see the nation 's only Meet a Kiwi program ! Meet a Kiwi takes place in the resource room at the Bird House every Monday , Wednesday and Friday at 11 a.m. . See Red ( and White ) Pandas - Since making their debut in the Giant Panda House , Pili and Damini - the Zoo 's feisty red panda cubs - have delighted visitors with their playfulness . They have mastered the climbing structure in their enclosure and will transition to the outdoor Red Panda Exhibit soon . In addition to ground - level viewing , visitors will be able to watch the cubs maneuver through the trees with ease from the observation overlook . The cubs ' father , Tate , currently occupies this exhibit . Visitors can try to spot the differences between Pili and Damini ( hint : the rings around Pili 's eyes form a complete circle ) . Feel the Heat - Only a five - minute walk from the Mane Grille , the Amazonia Exhibit stays 80 degrees Fahrenheit year - round . Visitors can meander through the aquarium and encounter the giant , alluring arapaima fish , graceful stingrays , swimming river turtles and more . The Field Station has two new species : angelfish and pink - toed tarantulas . In the rainforest , there is a fish feeding demonstration every day at 11 a.m. as well as titi monkeys , spoonbills and the sleepy two - toed sloth . Frogs , salamanders and caecilians live in the Amphibian Alert Exhibit , and visitors can learn how Smithsonian scientists are saving them from extinction . Visitors are encouraged to take public transportation to the National Zoo . It is possible to reserve a parking space 48 hours in advance by calling Friends of the National Zoo ( FONZ ) Guest Services at ( 202 ) 633 - 4480 between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. Monday through Friday . Parking reservation fees of $ 20 for FONZ members and $ 30 for nonmembers apply . "}
{"url": "http://teachpaperless.blogspot.com/2010/07/rethinking-leadership.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701167599.48/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193927-00092-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "For the first time I took my two sons , solo , to Dim Sum at Green Tea in Newton . We had been talking about Chinese New Year throughout the week and decided it was time to celebrate . Forgetting that our best friends , Kami of The Fence and Seth of Dadventures in Beantown had . abandoned us moved to Brooklyn , I ordered , I kid you not , 10 different items ! My older son devoured a freshly cooked pile of chicken wings . He also dove into the lo mein . And my other son ( already a foodie ! ) , loved the rest as much as I did . We ate green dumplings , full of spinach . We shared tapioca dumplings filled with mung bean custard . We enjoyed creamy bowls of tofu in ginger syrup . We shared shrimp dumplings and roast pork buns . We only passed on the Chinese crullers that tasted of old oil . It was n't the same as the last time we were there with our BFFs ... but we enjoyed it just the same . The deCordova Biennial was a festival of exciting and creative artists . Each of the featured artists offered a diverse selection of mediums , from quilting , to wood , animation to beautiful prints . True , my sister - in - law is one of the co - curators of the exhibit , but trust me - it is that good . The reality is that the deCordova is a great place to visit anytime . And after you are inspired at the deCordova , stop at another Lincoln gem : AKA Bistro . I wrote about AKA when it first opened almost 2 years ago . I was optimistic about the combination of Chef Chung ( who had created one of my most memorable meals at the Uni Sushi Bar ) and Christian Touche . This time my mother loved her salad from the French side of the menu , while I strayed over to the Japanese side . Three dishes from Chef Chung and I was as smitten , if not more so , than in my previous visit . Each plate was artful in its design and taste . The Suzuki consisted of hybrid striped bass , mango kosho , umeboshi , red shiso seasoning . Chef Chung also suggested trying the delicate kampachi or amberjack . Finally , the Chef was generous enough to send out one other treat : fresh uni ( sea urchin ) sitting on homemade tofu and topped with a wonderful sauce . The deCordova and AKA are a perfect duo and easily worth a trip to Lincoln . The snow has arrived . And I do adore watching my sons bundle up in layers of winter clothes , barely able to contain themselves at the soon to be snow balls and snow angels outside . However , as the dark comes early , or when it is just a sleet storm , there are just so many pillow forts and recycled box castles that we can make . So , recently , inspired by our reading of Roald Dahl 's book George 's Marvellous Medicine we decided to cook . Or rather , my sons \" cooked . \" I loaded up muffin tins with aged spices , beans , rice , marshmallows , shriveled old edamame , and any other goodies that hid in the corners of my pantry . I gave them each a cupful of flour . They were in charge of finding measuring cups , mixing spoons and bowls . Then they designed their recipes . It was over an hour of sheer pleasure . They mixed . They measured . They readjusted . They decorated . And , in the most classic of moments , one of my sons actually , yes , tasted the creation ! ( I promise no raw eggs were used ! ) They chose the oven temperature and time ( with my guidance ) and checked the items for doneness . Needless to say , I just do n't think a recipe is necessary ! "}
{"url": "http://www.ejumpcut.org/archive/jc52.2010/sopWilliams/text.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701151880.99/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193911-00072-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Archive for May 19th , 2011 . I held up my end of the bargain . I was where I said I would be , and when . I 'm one of the most reliable people I know , except where it matters . I can not be trusted , yet ... I'm completely trustworthy . If I tell you I will get it done , I will ; although not always in the most timely fashion . No speed queen , I. I can work under a deadline ; in fact I often do , but I do n't prefer it . Unlike some , I 'm not exhilarated or encouraged by the process . Deadlines leave me exhausted , and , kind of , dead . Recently , I wondered about some people I used to know . I hear from others about how they 've found old friends on social networking sites . I do n't participate in most of those sites , not because I do n't wish to be found ( although I do n't , really ) , but because I do n't feel \" at home \" in them . So I websearched some that came to mind , and found one living in the next town ! : \" Wow , would n't it be great to get in touch with that person ? Imagine ! They 've been living within 5 miles of me for several years and I never knew ! I must callwriteemailtext pretty soon ! \" ... And I have n't yet . This was a good friend , back in the day . We had similar interests , had worked together ; used to dine and hang out . I know people change over the years , and perhaps my hesitation is fear of knowing that . I 'll admit the other thing ; the real reason : For me , friendships are a lot of work ! One has to plan to get together ; decide where to go and what to do , and then show up and do the things . Other than with a few intimates in my life , it just seems like a lot of trouble . Does that make me a curmudgeon ? or just a loner ? I know many think I 'm so very odd in this way . Other people put any amount of energy into planning parties and social encounters . I do n't mind meeting the occasional friend for a meal , but that 's about the extent of my social creativity :) . I 'm one of those \" out of sight ; out of mind \" kind of people , except for those moments when memories come flooding back . Last month , I did meet one of these , for lunch . We 'd known each other as we both entered into adulthood ; in fact , I was an attendant in her wedding ; the only time I have played that role . We had a wonderful visit ; one of those conversations that bridges the old relationship with the new understanding . Yet , when she said she 'd be in town a few more days , and I ought to come over to her camp for a barbeque , I hesitated , again . This afternoon was just right . To push beyond it ; without another period of time gone by first , would not add to our pleasure , I felt . If I 'm not in touch , how do you explain the others seeking ? I 've heard we teach people how to treat us by our actions towards them . I guess my actions are perfect : Ignore them , most of the time . Be warm and friendly twice a year , or decade , or when I DO see them . We will both have good memories . Nothing wrong with that ! But I do show up if I 'd said I would ; barring all disaster . Maybe that 's enough . "}
{"url": "http://bluemassgroup.com/author/eaboclipper/?comments=all", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701160822.87/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193920-00006-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "We live out in the sticks - literally . All around us , sticks tend to abound . Our land is a thin strip of a clearing in a second growth fir and cedar forest punctuated by the green canopy of enormous big leaf maples . We 're on a tree - sheltered bluff above Puget Sound where winter winds blow down branches like myriad arm parts of stiff wooden dolls . We pick up the branches all winter long , a resource dropped from above , but readily put to use . Nothing is wasted here . Large pieces are cut into lengths for the fire as we heat our home entirely with wood . Small bits are used as kindling , we even pick up many of the pine cones to use as firestarters and store them in baskets , and the green wood goes in the stick pile , to be temporarily used as shelter for the creatures that live deep inside . Every property should have a stick pile . It provides safe cover for wild birds and we know a possum or 2 live there . Think Christopher Robin and the little homes his friends had . Come spring , we always have stick construction to do . Our whole property is outlined with natural fencing to keep deer at bay . The sticks are the mainstay barrier , not a serious one , but a natural barrier that does n't set us too far apart from the forest beyond . The idea started with my son , Finn , who at 4 decided we needed to build a fence for a garden . We designed lengths of fence that went into the ground , pre - built by the 2 of us : Three lengths were horizontally affixed to 2 vertical posts with thin vertical sticks then fixed every foot or so . We built half a garden 's -worth and then took a break , a little discouraged by the huge effort . Then our friend , Ang Temba , arrived from Nepal and recognized the design as one commonly used in rural mountain villages . He finished the project with renewed vigor . The fence is hardware - dependent , 4-inch long screws and a power drill do the job , as well as a post - hole digger to bury the thick posts . We liked the structure so much that when it came to enclosing our chickens ( to protect them from raccoons , bald eagles , and mink ) we built a stick fence for them , too . It 's actually an entire timberframe aviary fully enclosed in requisite chicken wire . As soon as we finished it , our coop , known as \" Chicks in Sticks , \" was featured in Bainbridge Island 's first Tour de Coop , surely picked for the whimsical stick - fort - like hideout the feathered girls call home . The trees must look on with amusement , peering down through their branches at our woven stick world below . Why do we gain such pleasure from making sense of the materials made readily available to us by the wind , the land , and the tall trees above ? [ ... ] learned from these projects spill over to the new year and beyond as we work together to create outdoor garden and play spaces , grow our own food together , and transform everyday things back into useful items for our [ ... ] . Look Through Our Trash : . Submit Your Own : . Link back to us : . Here 's the html for this button : . Like our site ? Want more ? Maybe you 've saved some money with ideas found here , or maybe you want to make sure we keep writing great content . Pitching in will help us continue to deliver quality ad - free content helping you turn your Trash Backwards . "}
{"url": "http://www.ekklesia.co.uk/taxonomy/term/5653", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701145519.33/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193905-00084-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Food & Drink . Recreation . Shopping . Other . Joe Jacobs , a local and the main organizer of the meeting , wants to revitalize the space as a non - profit community arts organization . He was tired of passing - bye the Paradise and wondering why it is still empty . Some digging with friends Jordan Lewis and Sarah Latha - Elliott included a tour of the building and initial discussions with the landlord . They also got verbal support from the local BIA and city councilor Adam Giambrone and some advice from the Revue Cinema . The Revue is one of the theatres that also closed in 2006 . It was up for sale before a local couple bought the theatre and let a community organization run it . Though funding was a big issue during the meeting , Jacobs is optimistic the Bloorcourt cinema can also be saved . He wants to try anyway . The fifty or so residents that sat and stood around the room want to try too . They had plenty of ideas on what the new Paradise could be . They ran the gamut from remaining a traditional theatre , to reviving vaudeville . I live in Bloorcourt and remember the collective groan when it closed . Before the meeting started , a group of us lamented the convenience of a movie theatre steps from our homes . If the room 's enthusiasm and comments on their Facebook page are any indication , it wo n't be long before I can head out the door again five minutes before a show starts . Discussion . 17 Comments . Great work by all in this community . All efforts should be put in reviving this theatre . Living in the Ronscenvalles area , i know what it 's like to have a community theatre revitalized . It brings great joy to have movies , lectures , public events and kid shows happen here . This not only brings people closer together , but saves everyone in the area a little on gas or transit . It 's great ! Though i 'm wondering where the initial finansing will come from for the Paradise . bought the Revue and gave it to the community . Who , with good intentions , will buy the Paradise ? Will people stop insinuating i 'm a hipster ! ( haha ) I have a JOB and go to bed at 10 every NIGHT for cripes sake ! Tron : I would have accepted your critisism kindly if you had n't insulted me , but you leave me no choice . A ) I 'm not \" protesting \" anything . Just like I would n't insult you for saying you wanted it to turn the Paradise into a Walmart . Although , you 've just witnessed my one of few insults on blogs , so consider yourself \" special \" . And B ) You 're right , i \" should n't \" have a say in what you do with your neighbourhood . I do n't contribute to it . So please keep your sarcasm to yourself and be respectful of other peoples opinions . Otherwise , it could get ugly here . Kevin , this is not about the beauty of the cinema 's architecture it 's about creating a space for community . Film , live music , theatre , dance , readings , lectures , town hall/ political meetings etc . Hopefully this organization will make an effort to include all members of the community , and yes , that includes hipsters . Think of an active neighbourhood auditorium where the cultural diversity of the community can be shared and explored . It would be a shame to open the Paradise again just to show movies . be good for the opening for halloween.just to add . would be great for time and showing the rainbow is availble but you have to get early seats , which when you go to a private theatre is mostly better and greater to do to a plivilge movies that we have be accomonited too . One hundred years later , only to learn a nasty band of pirates had kidnapped the mermaid . Developed for the PlayStation 4 system , PlayStation 3 system , Xbox One , PS3 , skylanders tv show Wii and Ninintendo 3DS . If i was to go aand figure out which department has X and then go into a hook or you could just do it right in place . Get Connected . Links & Resources . Our directory of useful links and resources . "}
{"url": "http://afrostoshelltoes.com/word/2011/12/08/whose-kool-aid-is-sweeter-t-j-holmes-the-politics-of-free-will/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701159155.63/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193919-00343-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "\" I was raised in a classic patriarchal , machismo environment and was under the impression that homosexuality was a perversion \" says Bharat Balan , whose sister Anita Balan is a lesbian . He was the first person in the family to whom Anita chose to come out . She initially came out to him as a bisexual , as she thought it would make things easier for Bharat . The train towards HUDA City Centre was rolling into the platform , and I hurried to reach the last coach , which I was usually found to be less crowded than the others . I made it comfortably , and waited for the doors to open . At this time there were fewer people boarding the train , and I hoped to have a comfortable ride for a change . The doors started opening , and that is when I first saw him . It was a big fat Tamil brahmin wedding . You can imagine the setting . From Kancheevaram clad Mamis to Silk Dhoti Mamas , from adorable little girls dressed in their Pattu Paavaadais ( silk skirts ) to young ladies just graduated to Sarees , the wedding hall was overflowing with guests . The hall , beautifully decorated with jasmine , roses , lotus , and Javvanthi flowers , looked colorful , heavenly and royal . Traditional Naadhaswaram and Melam instruments added to the festivity . The priest who was seated in the center of the stage was totally in control of the event . Karthik and Yamuna work in the Computer industry . Having lived abroad for a lot of years , they moved back to Chennai last year and settled down there . They own 2 luxurious expensive apartments very close to the airport . They live in one and rent out the other one . The earlier month when the last tenant had moved out , they had informed broker Paramasivam about the apartment 's availability . Paramasivam was very well known to them . When they were residing abroad , it was Paramasivam who was managing the apartments . \" It was a huge shock ! I could n't believe that it was happening to my family . It was very difficult for us to accept . \" Rekha Shah remembers the day when her daughter Amy Shah came out as lesbian , a decade ago . Rekha and her husband always wondered why Amy was not interested in dating boys , but were n't really prepared to hear that Amy was a lesbian . \" A Person may step into the past for a short time , to find something of herself she left behind or to understand the persistent ache of an old wound . Many times such a journey brings its own healing . At worst , she may simply put it behind her and go on \" . - Namet , \" When Women Were Warriors : Book I \" . Life 's strongest quality is that it keeps moving on whether we want it or not , and every day changes into night and weeks and months . I moved on and met new people . I had the opportunity to come across the ' gay community ' for the first time in my life and that too by chance ! Our regular public meetings are informal support spaces for queer youth . And we wholeheartedly invite participation from everyone who believes in what we stand for ! This is your space to speak your mind , share your experiences with respect to coming out to family , friends , realization of your sexuality , your specific interests or what you exp ... ect from a queer youth support group like QCI . Amy Shah and Amanda Pyron are partners in an interracial same sex relationship in the United States . Amy is a first generation Indian - American , her parents are Gujarati . Amy and Amanda have a 19 month son , Evan . Ms. Shah and Ms. Pyron had a commitment ceremony in Chicago in 2007 and later obtained legal domestic partner status in Washington , DC . Follow Gaysi . Gaysi is a space where the Desi - Gay community comes together and shares personal stories , their triumphs and failures , their struggles and their dreams , their hopes and despair . And in doing so , gives other gaysis a sliver of hope too . More "}
{"url": "http://www.climbing.co.za/wiki/index.php?title=Truitjieskraal&diff=2922&oldid=2844", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701156520.89/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193916-00227-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "metro mama . Wednesday , April 15 , 2009 . Six Months in Sudan . One of my favourite books of the season , Six Months in Sudan , finally went on sale yesterday . I 've told you about this one before -- it 's the story of Dr. James Maskalyk 's mission in Sudan with M\u00e9decins Sans Fronti\u00e8res ( Doctors Without Borders ) . The book was born from the blog he wrote in his hut in Abyei , Sudan . As I 've said before , it 's intimate , it 's raw and it 's terrifically written . The book club 's reading this book in June , and I ca n't wait to hear what they think . Do me a favour -- it will just take a minute ( literally)--and watch this video . Pretty please . Thursday , April 09 , 2009 . Let There Be Chocolate . Cakes sure likes a party . Book club was at my place last night , and there was no way she was going to bed before she got to say hi to everybody . She is absolutely in love with Sandra , who showed up with strawberries and liquid chocolate , as well as a divine box of chocolates . She only went to bed after she had stuck her entire face into a bowl of chocolate , and I had given her my word we would save her some \" party cheese \" . Sure enough , the kid does n't forget a thing . This morning she woke up and came down the stairs to find me in the kitchen . The first words out of her mouth : \" did your friends eat all the chocolate ? \" You should have seen her beam when I replied that we had indeed saved something for her . I 'm so happy we started the book club . Next month marks my 3-year blogging anniversary ( I just realized as I posted this , it 's my 500th post ! ) The birth of my blog was also the beginning of my friendship with several of the wonderful women in the club . As we sat back last night , talking a bit about the book , a lot about everything else , people comfortably helping themselves to what they need in the kitchen , getting their own coats , I was so thankful . I feel like I 've known them for longer than three years ; I look forward to their friendship for many years to come . Have a wonderful holiday weekend everyone ! We are staying put , having the family over for dinner , keeping it simple . May the days be sunny , and the bunny bring lots of chocolate . Friday , April 03 , 2009 . Mercurial . Well I think I 've finally reached what they call the \" honeymoon phase \" of pregnancy . I 'm feeling less tired these days , my hair is shiny , my skin is actually glowing , and do n't get me started on my bosom . I 'm so happy with my bosom right now ( this is n't something I 'm used to saying , so please put up with it for the time being ) . I 'm wearing lots of low - cut shirts to show it off , even at work . By the way , all of the maternity clothes are low - cut anyway . WTF ? What if you do n't like to show your titties like I do ? While I 'm feeling great physically , I 'm much more emotionally volatile this time . I 'm hell on wheels on the streetcar : do n't you dare stand in the doorway , loser . I was upset about something earlier in the week and woke up bawling at 4 am two mornings in a row . I 'm testy at work , but I 'm trying really , really hard not to let it show . McHotty 's bearing the brunt of my mood swings , but I 'm trying really , really hard with him too . I do owe him a BJ though . He 's even added \" get BJ \" to his mile - long to do list . Unfortunately , I was a bitch and added \" dream on \" to the line below . Anyone else find their emotions rockier the second time ? Or maybe it 's just been so long I 've forgotten . "}
{"url": "http://skatandthefood.blogspot.com/2006/05/weeknight-eats.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701987329.64/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195307-00183-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "December 2008 . Coming Up . Zaney 's , Downtown Honolulu Bob 's Bar - B - Que , Kalihi Restaurant Yamagen , Moili'ili . Below you will find a never ending list of restaurants that I want to visit or re - visit : . Momomo Young 's Fish Market Alan Wong 's Pineapple Room Mediterraneo Cafe Sistina Indigo Eurasian Cuisine Gyu - Kaku Yakiniku Toraji Sushi Masa Ono Hawaiian Foods Rokkaku Tsukuneya Robata Grill . If you would like to give me a tip on a new restaurant that is opening up , or give me a recommendation on some of your favorite restaurants , please send an e - mail to : . onokinegrindz ( at ) yahoo ( dot ) com . WHEW ! I hope to have them done by year 's end ! Upcoming adventures . San Francisco , CA 2/14 - 2/18 . Sydney , NSW , Australia 5/23 - 6/01 London , UK 11/21 - 24 Paris , France 11/24 - 27 Chicago , IL 11/27 - 30 . Seoul , South Korea I wo n't be able to visit Korea this year . 2009 : San Francisco , CA New Orleans , LA Buenos Aires , Argentina Shanghai , China Singapore . Hopefully , some of you can provide me with recommendations for some good eats ! Onolicious Archives . December 04 , 2004 . Side Street Inn . Tonight , was University of Hawai'i football night , but I could n't decide if I wanted to stay in , or go out to watch the game . A friend called to ask if I wanted to go have a drink and pupus ( appetizers ) at Side Street Inn . How could I possibly refuse ? ( Sorry for the bad photo . I was n't able to take a nice outdoor shot with my U40 , so I 'll be back and this photo will be replaced . ) Located in a mostly industrial area near Ala Moana Shopping Center , Side Street Inn is more bar than restaurant , but the food is good which is why it 's always full of people . Sure enough , when we arrived , the place was packed . This place draws all types of people , from sports fans , to drinking buddies , to hard core eaters and karaoke singers . Luckily for us , we did n't have to wait too long for a table . We waited for about 5 minutes or so ( I 've waited much longer before ) , and once we were seated , our order was taken and the food arrived shortly thereafter . Prompt , efficient service is routinely provided here , which is another reason to stop by . By the way , food was n't the only thing on our minds tonight ... right ? After all , we came to watch the game too ! ( Final score , UH 41 , Michigan State 38 ) . This was done local - style using cooked Japanese rice . The rice was seasoned with a bit of shoyu ( soy sauce ) and fried with bits of linguica ( Portuguese sausage ) , char siu ( Chinese barbecued pork ) , green peas and carrots , then topped with lots of green onions . The fried rice was quite good although just a bit oily . 10 pieces of crispy fried chicken wing parts , these were light and crunchy . They were served with some ranch dressing , and quite surprisingly , these were not oily at all . They were a bit spicy ( good ) , but just a little too salty for me . Otherwise , I do n't think I 've had better chicken wings than this before . Last to arrive , was a \" skinny \" ( half ) order of the pan fried island pork chops ( US$ 8.75 , full order US$ 17.00 ) . This is probably Side Street Inn 's best selling menu item . What we got was two crispy fried pork chops that were pan fried to a nice golden brown . They were then cut into bite - sized pieces for easy eating . Lightly seasoned , the pork chops were great . The only downside ? These pork chops were a bit fatty . Looking for some local style comfort food , come to Side Street Inn . Although a bit on the pricey side , the food ranges from very good to excellent . The portions here are huge , making this a comparatively good value . Side Street Inn 1225 Hopaka Street Telephone : 808.591.0253 or 808.596.8282 . For the most part , the food is quite yummy . I especially like the wings because they are a bit spicy and the best part , they are not oily . I 'm not really a pork person either and choose to indulge once in a very long while . Hi paprika , . Welcome to my blog ! 1 ) The writing is neither Japanese or Vietnamese , but a lot of different things . For example , pupus ( appetizers ) is Hawaiian , linguica ( Portuguese sausage ) is Portuguese , and char siu ( Chinese barbecued pork ) is Chinese . The translations are generally in parenthesis for those who have no exposure to those words and I find it helpful to provide the meanings . 2 ) Since there are so many Portuguese people here , I think Portuguese sausage has become part of the \" local food culture \" . There are many different types of foods that would qualify for this status , here are a couple of others to consider ( in my opinion ) : saimin ( local variation of ramen ) and manapua ( local variation of char siu bao ) . Yes , you did . They are the University of Hawai'i Warriors ( used to be the Rainbow Warriors ) . While I believe the term you used is a sort of slang for \" come on you can do it ! \" ( c'arn ) , we sometimes use the term imua , which in Hawaiian means to \" go forward \" . If you 're headed makai on Pensacola , then yes , it 's Ewa of Ala Moana Shopping Center . It 's a cool place to hang out and watch the game . If you 're into karaoke , they offer that too . Look out for some of the local celebrity chefs that hang out here . Hiroshi Fukui , formerly of L'Uraku , was there last night . I 've see Roy Yamaguchi ( Roy 's ) and Russell Siu ( 3660/Kakaako Kitchen ) there before as well . The reason why portuguese sausages become so popular is , I guess , because they combine really well with so many flavours enhancing them . Why do n't you give it a try and come to Portugal next summer ? You 'd love the food and the beaches ! ; o ) ! I guess you could be right . The flavor of Portuguese sausage is a bit mild and very tasty indeed . I 'd love to visit Portugal again if I had the chance . I 'm not so sure that I could afford more than one major excursion a year though ... next year , I plan on going to SE Asia . Welcome to my blog ! The pork chops are great , although the price has increased somewhat over the years . At least the portions are still huge though . Never had the lychee infused martini ... I'm not much of a drinker . Hi fish fish , . The fried rice is OK . Quite good for local style fried rice . The price is outrageous though . I guess that 's the price you pay when you eat in a bar . Most of the time , food is expensive in bars . Funny thing you should mention that . Sometimes I find the pork chops too salty , and sometimes they are OK . That night , the pork chops were good , but the chicken was a bit salty . This could be one of my favorite places if it were n't for the ever increasing prices . Good thing they serve \" skinny \" portions . I 've been to Sidestreet many many times over the years and lately stop going for that one reason you 've mentioned ; Expensive ! They have risen their prices over the years and just do n't know if it is really worth it . Many of my friends feel the same way . It ranks in there with excellent food , cold beer , and \" to be seen \" place but loses it in the prices . I also suggest the two salads and the smoke meat . Whoa ... the smoke meat is just awesome . Welcome to my blog . You echo my sentiments to a T. The food here has been going up in price , and while the quality and portion size has remained the same , nothing else has changed . I think that 's why we do n't go here as often as we used to either . We recommend Side Street Inn to all our \" Malihini \" friends from the Mainland , and they keep it on their \" to do \" list when they visit Oahu . As a local resident , I find that the prices have gone up and may have to put it on my \" to do \" list only once in a great while . I just noticed this review of Side Street Inn . Too bad the prices have gotten a bit high . I used to go there 3 - 4 times a month when I lived in HNL . Spicy Chicken wings , Big Island smoked pork , and lot 's of rice ! ! ! ! Thanks for visiting my blog and for sharing your experience at Side Street . I agree that at times the food can be overseasoned , but there are generally a few dishes which can be counted on to be consistently good . I just do n't think that I 'll be stopping by the place anytime soon as the quality does n't really justify the price anymore . Our visit to the Side Street was just fine . Many tables had \" reserved \" signs , but the waitress seated us at one of them and removed the sign . I had the lilikoi ribs which were excellent . Very meaty , and the sauce was nice . My wife had the chicken katsu , and was overwhelmed . The chicken was very good , but this was not the usual serving of dry breast meat , but rather seemed like a whole chicken ! The only disappointment was the mac salad , which was too salty for us . Equipment . Most of the newer photos on this site are being taken by this camera . I 'm still learning how to use it , but I think the photos it takes are amazing . Though the lens I use often varies , many of the photos on this site are taken with a Canon EF 35 mm f2.0 lens . et cetera . This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License . All content on this website ( including text , photographs and all other original works ) is licensed under a Creative Commons License and may not be reproduced without expressed written consent . "}
{"url": "http://www.egms.de/static/de/meetings/dkk2006/06dkk201.shtml", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162938.42/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00124-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Food & Drink . Recreation . Shopping . Other . The Best New Design Stores in Toronto , 2013 . The best new design stores of 2013 were welcomed with open arms ( and wallets ) this year by the art lovers , decor enthusiasts , and stuff - collectors of Toronto . Many of these newcomers opted to focus on a wide range of goods and gifts unified by a rustic - yet - modern , hand - hewn aesthetic . Still , these shops are by no means cut from the same cloth ( or molded from the same clay , or printed on the same screen ) . With each boasting diverse , wide selections of creations from around the city , the country , or the globe , you 're bound to find the perfect piece you did n't know your life was missing . Here are the best new design stores that opened in Toronto during 2013 . The former owner of coffee shop / clothing boutique Lost & Found opened her new gift shop just further down the road at Dundas and Gladstone this year . There 's still coffee and sweet snacks , but the product offerings have expanded way , way out to accessories ( from lines like Catbird , In God We Trust and Dieppa Restrepo ) , blankets , kitchenware , and even cleaning products . More \" . This Roncesvalles shop sells pretty much everything - from pottery to accessories to all - natural personal lubricant - and all of it is gorgeous , with whimsical , vintagey overtones . Many products are unique to the store , and there are regular workshops if you 'd like to learn to make your own handcrafts ( or read tarot cards , or draw comics ) . More \" . The couple behind Spruce , who are longtime Cabbagetown residents , took over a former video store in the area this year , stocking the shop with pieces from around North America ( including many created by friends ) and a few vintage finds . You 'll find paint - dipped bowls , candles , pottery and glassware . They also fly the flag for their hometown with some Toronto - centric merchandise . More \" . An Albertan couple with tons of cross - Canadian travel under their belts settled in a storefront at Danforth and Coxwell . The result is a shop full of Canadiana - influenced design ( read - plenty of wood and antlers ) . There 's everything from jewelry and stationery to candles and cheese boards , made by crafters and designers from all across the country . More \" . Artist Christine Flynn reopened her beloved Leslieville decor shop at Yonge and Summerhill earlier this year - her outdoorsy - glamorous vibe is a perfect fit for the neighbourhood . Flynn combines her own artwork with vintage pieces and home goods emblazoned with antlers , anchors , arrows and other heritage - inspired motifs . More \" . If you were one of those kids who loved organizing their brand - new coloured pencils before the first day of school , this is the store is for you . A schoolteacher and banker opened this shrine to the fountain pen earlier this year , first as a web store , then a brick - and - mortar shop at at Dundas and Bellwoods in July . Since then , it 's become a favourite supplier of local artists and stationery fans seeking high - end notebooks and ink in plenty of colours . More \" . This shop - within - a - shop is remotely run by photographer Peter Ash Lee , who moved to Brooklyn years ago and wanted to bring the treasures he 's discovered in his travels back home . The resulting pop - up occupies a corner ( see what he did there ? ) of More Than Words , a greeting card store deep within the Manulife Centre at Yonge and Bloor . Look for well - designed knick - knacks with a dose of humour . More \" . This collectible toy shop shares a space just off Richmond and Spadina with street art supply store Homebase . What shelves are n't stocked with all manner of spray paint are piled high with action figures and art toys , including customizable blanks . You can book a toy - customization workshop on their site for up to 10 people ( and hey , if you need supplies , there 's tons of paint right there ) . More \" . Hello , I think your site might be having browser compatibility issues . When I look at your website in Safari , it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer , it has some overlapping . I just wanted to give you a quick heads up ! Other then that , wonderful blog ! Get Connected . Links & Resources . Our directory of useful links and resources . "}
{"url": "http://krasskova.weebly.com/blog/category/new%20books", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701167113.3/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193927-00086-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Jonah . January 07 , 2016 . Tonight , caught completely off - guard , I explained birth to my boys ... Jonah , who is 7 and Eli who is 5 . I was thinking about modest videos I could show , or words I could use to explain the process in an age appropriate way . Yet , I was too afraid to follow through , fearful that they would have questions I could n't ( or did n't want to ) answer . So imagine my surprise when the boys come running downstairs after dinner , yelling , \" I know how a baby is born ! \" After some investigation , I learned they had stumbled on to some generic promotional birth photos on my computer while they were looking for pictures of their own birthday cakes from years past . Ironic , indeed . So rather than shy away from the subject , I plunged in and asked them if they wanted to see how a baby gets born . They gave me a resounding , YES ! So with a quick Google search of \" water birth videos for kids \" we were ready to fall down the rabbit hole . I found some modest slide shows with photos and the boys were oohing and ahhing and yelling , \" that baby is so cute ! \" But I wanted them to know and see a bit more than that , so we found some photos and video of the mama pushing and we talked about how the baby comes out using all the correct names for body parts . They thought that was cool , and seemed remarkably unfazed . Ouch . I also informed both of them not to share this information with their friends or talk about private body parts with others ( is knowing how babies get born a little bit like knowing that Santa Claus is not real ? ) Definitely did n't want to spoil the mystery for those parents who want to believe in the stork . Shortly after our show - and - tell , Eli had had enough and we continued on with the rest of our evening . As I was putting Jonah to bed , he said , \" Mom , I have a few more questions about how the baby comes out of the woman 's gina ( pronunciation : ji - nah ) . After correcting his terminology , I encouraged him to ask . The questions he had actually astounded me , thrilled me and made me so very proud . Here 's the questions he asked with complete sincerity and without any shame or fear : . when i showed him the baby 's head pressing on the coccyx i asked him what he thought was there . he said \" the butt ! \" and he said \" the baby 's head pushes the poop out ! \" I cheered ! ( I 'm not sure if I was more proud as a mother , or as a doula . ;) ) we also talked about blood vessels breaking and blood coming from the uterus . I was surprised that he knew this , and when I asked him where he learned that , he said , I just remembered it . ( from the womb ? ? ! ! ) Overall , it was a wonderful conversation , and he told me that he was so happy to learn more about what I do and loved talking to me about this . The feeling was definitely mutual . I told him we could discuss birth whenever he had more questions . The thing that really stood out for me was that he had the same questions a lot of adults ask me ! ! I felt like his initial major considerations were the same ones the partners ask me in my birth preparation workshops ( but maybe their questions are a bit more refined ) . I only wonder what this world would be like if we opened up the labor room doors and shared the mechanics of , the joy , the sacredness , and the challenges of birth with our children instead of trying to hide it . What might happen if we were n't so afraid of fielding the question of \" how does the baby get in there ? \" and just helped our sons and daughters become ( or stay ) more comfortable with their own bodies as they grow ? It would be a very different world indeed . As I kissed Jonah good night , I asked him if he was going to be a great and loving partner to his wife when she gives birth ... massaging her , comforting her , etc . He told me he would and then he said , \" I 'm going to hire you to be there mom . \" I assured him that it would be my honor to be there , and that just for him , I 'd give him the family discount . August 25 , 2014 . Today is an exciting day . Both of my boys entered school for the first time , for a full day , from 8:40 am to 3:15 pm . This is a day I daydreamed about many times , during some of my hardest days , when I just wanted a break , when I wanted to get back to me , and get down to work . And how does it feel ? Like most things in motherhood , bittersweet . It feels really good to be here . To know that I 've made it through the early parenting , the sleepless nights , the endless feedings and diaper changes . I have spent what seems like millions of hours with my kiddos and while I would n't have it any other way , I can say with certainty that it 's the hardest job in the world . But then there 's the reality that time moves swiftly , they grow before our eyes , especially during this \" first day back \" ritual . But I 'm excited to be here , now , exactly where we are . I feel present , more content and open to the changes that lie ahead as my mothering journey becomes perhaps less physically demanding and more emotionally demanding ( for all of us ! ) I look forward to having my days have some silence , some passion + purpose of my own choosing , and then to dedicate myself to my boys during the afterschool hours into the evenings . When I daydreamed of this day , I imagined a spa day , filled with a massage , some hair highlighting , perhaps a facial . Instead it was filled with a trip to the grocery store , a quiet lunch , some laundry and some reflection . The stuff of real life . But my real life is pretty great , and today I 'm filled with nothing but gratitude for making here to this moment and having two awesome boys who were joyously exuberant about heading to school this morning . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 'm off to pick them back up and give them some incredibly huge hugs . August 12 , 2014 . The glittered dollar via Pinterest that started it all ... of course , I only had red glitter and my hack job looked more like blood than fairy dust , but I digress .... . Last week my oldest son , Jonah , lost his first tooth late in the evening , as he bit into an apple . Being caught completely off - guard ( I did n't even know it was loose ! ) I had to scramble to figure out what the tooth fairy would be leaving under his pillow . Realizing we had no cash in the house at all ( 16 cents from under the couch cushions ? ) , I texted my husband to bring home some dollar bills . I remembered a post on Facebook recently with an origami dollar in the shape of a heart , and with the help of a Google search , stayed up late to re - create it , along with a glittered dollar and a letter from the tooth fairy . In the morning , my son woke me up , running into our bedroom shouting , \" Mommy , the tooth fairy came and she left me a letter ! What else did she leave you ? \" I groggily asked . A crumpled up dollar bill and a dollar with some stuff all over it . Since he had awoken before me , and I was n't supposed to have seen it , I had to keep silent about the origami heart . For the glittered dollar , I offered that it was covered in \" fairy dust because , perhaps , the tooth fairy had sat on it . \" His response ? \" Oh , \" as he smiled . What was he most excited about ? The fact that the tooth fairy had paid him a visit , left him a note and that she had left money . Period . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . The intention , albeit heartfelt and understandable , leaves us frazzled , exhausted , and likely , ultimately disappointed as we perpetuate the \" never good enough \" myth for ourselves . And the kids .... well , the truth is , they do n't need the glitter . They really do n't need much , but our loving presence and authentic selves . They do n't care if their lunch is 100 % organic and handmade , their bedroom Pinterest worthy , their preschool ranked in the upper echelon of the city , their summer camp filled with all the bells and whistles . What do they really truly need ? Presence . Time spent with parents . Love . Basic essentials . What will our children remember from their childhood ? So , I ask you , in what ways are you glittering the dollar ? If you are pregnant , are you striving for perfection in all manner of ways that is ultimately creating more stress during an already anxious time ? If you have toddlers , are you overdoing , overtrying or spreading yourself too thin ? How can we simplify in order to amplify ? Maybe even just a shift in attitude -- more ease than attachment , more compassion than self - criticism , more finding flow than exhibiting control can help us find our way back . We need to release the \" perfect mom myth \" and surround ourselves with support from others who are also striving to keep it real . It 's not easy work , but every time you step onto your yoga mat or sit on your meditation cushion it helps you to find your center , recognize and honor your deepest priorities and breathe through the stresses of motherhood , both big and small . No glitter necessary . June 03 , 2014 . Last night I was massaging your feet before bed and I marveled to notice that your feet are the exact same size of my hands now . You are 6 . In that moment , I experienced this strange feeling , that as a parent I seem to have often , of living deeply in a moment yet also feeling nostalgia for that same moment . I 'm not interested in going back to the days in which you were a baby , for every day gets better and better , but there 's a sharp sting to how fast and how bittersweet it all is . These are the moments that I find so full of love my heart may burst , but also so full of bewilderment and awe at the very nature of life itself . Then my reverie is broken because you and your brother start to fight , again . When I finally get you both settled into bed for our nightly ritual of stories , I am again brought to my knees because you are now requesting to read to me . While you are not yet a fluent reader , every day I am astounded by more words that you know and your enthusiasm for books and the written word . This has remained a constant - you have been obsessed with books since a baby and you can easily spend loads of time pouring over them . The morning after getting new books from the library , you often wake early and rush downstairs just to get extra time looking at them before school . I hope you have found lifelong companions in books , my love , for they have held such a place of joy in your mama 's life , too . Today , when I picked you up in the car , you told me that you had an awesome day at school . Thus far , you have never met a stranger . You eagerly approach and talk to people . At a restaurant the other day , you saw two boys your age at another table and went to introduce yourself and share your Lego book with them . You are friendly beyond compare , though still sometimes challenged with how to contain all your boisterous energy and excitement . You have been six for 2 months now . I have seen such growth in you this past year , becoming more independent , grappling with ( at first ) and then rocking kindergarten , and working so very hard to achieve and master so many skills . You are best friends with Eli . Of course you have your moments of bickering and crashing and smashing , but you really do look out for him and he idolizes you in return . We are working hard as a family to put structure and routine in place , to share expectations and hold everyone accountable . You both have taken to this new system so well , and life feels more spacious , more manageable and way more fun . I ca n't wait to watch you continue to grow my little man . Words ca n't really describe what it 's like to be your mom , but when I look at you I feel proud , amazed and blessed . Six ( your favorite number ) is a year for the record books , for sure . July 18 , 2012 . Today I have a post over at the lil omm blog , sharing my experience of doing yoga with my boys ( my oldest in particular ) , and speaking publicly for the first time about Jonah 's SPD . Now that I 've cracked that vulnerability wide open , it may make more of an appearance here , too , over time . If only I could find more time to get here at all ! Here 's to hoping that you are able to see the beauty and progress in life 's littlest moments and to remember to celebrate when you do . I 'd love for you to visit me over at lil omm ! March 26 , 2012 . Four entire years have passed since I gave birth to you and you changed my life and identity forever and ever . I love being your mama ! But , when both you and I look back and reflect on these early years , I think it 's important to document that it has not often been easy . We have had our challenges , first with your premature birth , then in the first year of your life that seemed just a little too raw , too intense , too sleep - deprived , too much on shaky ground for both of us . But we weathered it , and we grew , and the love that exists between a mother and son shook me to my core and burst my heart open like nothing else could ever do . And that heart - full explosion created more room for joy and gratitude and ( believe it or not ! ) peace and contentment . And now , we are HERE . And we have lots of good days in a row , with less struggles and less battles and more laughs and more ease . More saying yes and less saying no . To me , four seems MOMENTOUS . I feel a huge shift in you lately and am loving seeing you come into your own . Just a few months ago , it seems like you emerged , or perhaps settled , more into yourself and your body , and the result has been amazing to watch . I love our conversations that seem so logical , and so well thought out , on your part . I love your funny jokes and the way you are always up for an adventure and to try new things . You are just like your Dad in your unparalleled amount of energy and your inability to sit still -- you want to do it all , see it all , TOUCH it all . ;) You have a new - found love of the alphabet and still hold tight your love affair with books and reading . Although still a firefighter at heart , your horizons are slowly expanding to new interests and activities . After almost 3 years of appointments , you graduated from physical therapy ( this is huge ! ) and you recently started soccer with your friends . You are incredibly polite and thoughtful and oh my goodness , so LOVING . One of my favorite things lately is watching you learn , or ask questions , or seeing your face light up when you succeed . You have a healthy sense of self - esteem it seems , as you have been telling me , \" mama , did you know that I am good at that ? \" or \" let me have a turn because I 'm very good at X. \" ;) And indeed , my sweet Jonah , you are good . In fact , you are GREAT . And I ca n't wait to see that greatness make itself known in this world in so many ways that are uniquely your own . Thanks for letting me be a part of that special process and all I can say is : Remember to let your light shine . Shine on , my 4 year old , shine on . A little in - box love . Copyright Karma . all art , crafts , photos , and words \u00a9 2015 savor it . if you would like to link to one of my posts , please feel free to do so , but be kind and give credit . if you would like to use my photos , art or words , please ask permission first . many thanks . "}
{"url": "http://www.programmingsimplified.com/c/source-code/c-program-find-roots-of-quadratic-equation", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148428.26/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00287-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "I 've encountered an issue about our ancestors ' names . In short , I 've had another volunteer who works to photograph and transcribe grave stones state I should \" fix \" my records because I am not transcribing correctly . I disagree and I will use your input to make decisions on how to proceed eventually . My practice is , whenever I have proof , I provide both the Polish and Americanized version of our ancestors ' names as well use the male version of the last name . I say \" proof \" as in the death certificate may provide an American name , the obit may use an American name or the male version of the surname , etc . I feel reasonably certain that this is how they were known in their communities by their friends and family ; that is how their stories were handed down to us . There then may be what appears to be a discrepancy to an outsider that their gravestones may reflect a different name or a different spelling . However , that may not be known to their descendants . I know many of the readers here have direct connections to Polish ancestors - your grandparents , aunts , uncles , etc . Many of our ancestors who came here during the 1880s and forward were given , obviously , Polish first names . As our ancestors came here , they adopted Americanized names - for example , Andrew for Andrezj , Frances for Francziska , John for Jan , Stanley for Stanislaus , Bernice for Bronislawa , Hedwig or Hattie for Jadwiga , and so on . Often , their children were also baptized with Polish first names and those names were not used . Another name was used . This theme is obvious in my family until perhaps the 1920s or 1930s . One needs only to read the baptismal registries from St. Hedwig or St. Anthony to see this ! My grandmother was baptized as \" Anastazja \" but she was well - known by her friends and family as \" Nettie . \" Her gravestone reads \" Anastasia \" and she signed documents in this way . However , a great - aunt was known as \" Bernice \" but her stone reads \" Bronislawa . \" She was known for nearly all of her life in the US as \" Bernice . \" My question to you is this : How do you know the persons in your family research ? Were they communicated to you by other family members using their Polish names or their Americanized names ? In my family , it was nearly always using their Americanized names . My grandfather was never called Wladyslaw but Walter , as was his son Waclaw . If you google or go to an ancestry site to look for your ancestors , do you search using Polish first names or another name ? Would you have known what their Polish given name was when you began to seek them ? My experience when I began , I started with my grandfather and grandmother - Helena and Walter Mierzejewski . I was aware that Walter 's first name was probably Americanized but would not have known exactly what it was . After all , Walter was the name provided on my dad 's birth certificate as his father ! My father always referred to his father and his brother as \" Walter \" when discussing them . Unfortunately , both of my grandparents and my uncle were dead before I was born , so I could not ask . What is on the stone may or may not be what is listed on official records or how they were truly known to their communities . To me , it makes clear sense to index and insert those names in a way they can be found . If someone is searching for Walter Myers , how should his stone be indexed such that it can be found - if indeed , the stone reads\"Waclaw Mierzejewski ? \" ( It very well could , son died before mother and mother had strong ties to Poland , but I do not know yet , I have not found his stone yet - I'm using this name as an example . ) My goal : to provide not only accurate data but to provide it in a way that is searchable and find - able . Genealogy is meant for sharing , and it just seems to me that if someone was known in his or her community by a name other than what is on his or her gravestone , that data needs to be provided up front for searching . Am I wrong or right ? Or somewhere in between ? Hit me with your best shot , fire away ! Drop me an email or leave a comment here . I promise to follow up within a day or so . I have quite a few photos of graves from Section 30 , which has some of the oldest burials in the cemetery . Today 's offerings are not far from my great - grandfather 's grave ( Andrew Przybylski ) and pre - date 1900 . There is no other identifying information for the grave of E. Okonska other than it is located in Section 30 . We can most likely assume that this is a grave for a female due to the form of the last name . But sometimes , it produces some interesting information that I would n't have found otherwise . My 2nd great - grandmother 's name was Mary Lesiecki , who married Joseph Plenzler . There is no small amount of information available on the Plenzlers - but never yet have I found a Lesiecki . As near as I can tell , from her marriage record to Joseph , she was very likely born around 1825 or 1826 . I 'll admit , I have n't spent much effort yet attempting to trace the Lesiecki name . But a very curious thing occurred today while I was going through my photos . Whenever possible , I verify the burial by trying to locate a death record and then cross - referencing Calvary 's burial records . So , I had a photo for a John Jagodzinski 's grave . My due diligence provides me a bit of interesting information from John 's death certificate : His mother 's name was Veronica Lesiecki ! Another connection ? I do n't know . A clue , and perhaps a valuable one ! I may not be remembering correctly , but it seems to me that when I was much younger , there was a Jagodzinski Funeral Home ? Does anyone remember such ? and I know you 're out there - I've communicated with a few of you . I recently corresponded with Fr . Tom Extejt who kindly leaves tidbits of knowledge here in the comments . He 's filled us in with a bit of his family . So I thought perhaps this post may connect a few others researching the Jankowskis . I 'm not related to many , mainly through marriage ( two of Martin Plenzler 's daughters , Edna and Florence , married a Jankowski ) . I thought however that I would share Fr . Extejt 's story of his Jankowski connections and of his great - great - grandmother , Dorota Jankowski . If anyone has additional information , let me know here via comment or via email and I will pass it along to him . Fr . Extejt 's great - aunt on his mother 's father 's side , Katarzyna Rejent , married Marcin Jankowski . They are buried in Section 33 of Calvary . She died in 1937 ; he died in 1943 . Their children were Florian ( Jonesey ) , who never married , and Martha Jankowska Kaczorowska . So far , there is no known husband 's name or if there are any children or what their names could be . Father also recently learned that the maiden name of his great - great - grandmother , Dorota Extejt , was Jankowska . Her place of birth is not known , nor are her parents ' names known . But per Fr . Extejt , . \" she was born 2 - 5 - 1796 and died on 2 - 2 - 1902 . So she almost made it to her 106th birthday , having lived in parts of 3 centuries , from the last days of George Washington 's second term to the early part of the Theodore Roosevelt administration . She was 80 years old when the came to Toledo , and liked it so well she stayed for almost 26 years ! Her obit was the headline story on Page 1 of the Blade ; it mentioned that she went to the January ' 02 Rosary - Altar meeting at St. Anthony 's , went to Mass the Sunday before she died , and helped with the housework until 48 hours before she died . Talk about an iron constitution ! \" What a wonderful story ! If you have details , please feel free to share . If you email , I will follow up as soon as possible , usually within a few days . Yep , I 'm trying to catch up ! A second post in one night . My apologies to you who get updates via email , I have a love / hate relationship with email and can sympathize . But again , due to the generosity of the genealogical community , I have a copy of a Mierzejewski marriage record from St. Mary Magdalene Parish in Perrysburg , Ohio . I had clues via Garret Mierzejewski that there were Mierzejewskis who settled in Wood County ; however , I could never connect the dots with my family . The record reflects the marriage of a Constantine Mierzejewski and Geraldine DeWitt : . Constantine was born 18 December 1913 , son of John and Constance Sikorska . Geraldine was born 22 April 1917 , daughter of Grey and Ethel Roach . Marriage witnessed by William Baginski and Rose ? Mierzejewska ( I can not transcribe the first name , rough guess ) . The civil marriage occurred 29 July 1937 in Angola , Indiana and dispensation procured 21 September 1937 . If you have any more knowledge of this family , please contact me . I 'd be interested in learning if there is any connection between my family . I 'm trying to dig out from an overwhelming amount of information I 've received over the summer on the Plenzlers as well as still work through the backlog of Calvary Cemetery photos I have . So , today , we 're revisiting an earlier post about my 2nd great - grandfather 's father , that of Joseph Plenzler ( husband of Mary Lesiecka ) . Bear with the wordy sentences when I describe these relationship , but my great - great grandfather and his sons and grandsons all had the same names as well as named their offspring similarly . So it gets tedious at times . Long story short , this is a follow up to an earlier post , located here : . Bartholomeus married a Barbara Hirsch in Czapury , Wielkopolskie , Poland , on 14 July 1850 . Marriage was witnessed by Andreas Plenzler , who likely is a brother to Bartholomeus and Joseph and Gregorious Demel , both of Wiorek . Barbara is noted as \" vidua \" or widowed . Age of the groom is 25 , age of the bride is 30 . This is Bartholomeus ' first marriage . Pertinent snippets from the marriage record are below . Click to enlarge . A completely free Saturday at last ! Just a quick note that I had uploaded at least 100 Calvary Cemetery photos of Polish graves to the OGPP so far this weekend . To date , there are over 285 photos there . Where possible , I 've verified grave locations and provided maiden names for married women . More to come and am working on information so many people have kindly shared with me . I 'm trying to keep up ! "}
{"url": "http://healthcaresciencesocw.wayne.edu/vs/6_7.htm", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701156627.12/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193916-00152-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Hamsi Quest . So we had this idea : eat our fill of the slim , silvery fishes in Istanbul . Then head to the Black Sea coast to sample them at the source . We flew to Ankara , picked up a car , and drove north to what we hoped would be our hamsi heaven . Why the hamsi fixation ? Neither Dave nor I grew up eating much in the way of seafood . Our first brush with strong - flavored oily fresh fish came only in 2003 , when I purchased mackerel at a Saigon wet market , took it home , and grilled it Goan - style with a slathering of vinegary tomato and chili paste . Then that winter we vacationed in northern Italy , and I fell in love with acciughe in salsa verde -- Piemontese anchovies in green parsley sauce . We ate cured anchovies with bread and butter and snacked on fruity green olives stuffed with anchovy fillets . We carried a gigantic can of salted anchovies back to Asia in our luggage and never looked back . But this trip marks our first prolonged exposure to the fresh specimens . And we 've been hamsi hunting with gusto . Two days after arriving we found ourselves in the kitchen of a Turkish food journalist , learning how to make the eastern Black Sea specialty hamsi pilavi ( anchovy rice pilaf -- more on that to come ) . On New Year 's Day we ate hamsi ekmek ( anchovy bread ) at another Laz spot -- even leftover from the previous night , it was great . And then we packed up and took off for the Black Sea . We had only six days , so we narrowed our hamsi quest to two western Black Sea hamsi nodes : Amasra and Sinop . In the former , a friendly town of just under 6,500 , we feasted on fabulous hamsi izgara ( grilled hamsi ) . At an old - fashioned white - tablecloth restaurant on the water , we ordered three portions to share . The hamsi arrived , lightly charred and fused into a single thin layer , on a platter twice the size of my laptop . It was a little embarassing really , but we soldiered through every last little fish , eating them whole -- and returned the next night for more . I think the waiters appreciated our obsession . Then it was on to Sinop . Nine hours on a winding two - lane coastal road characterized by steep drop - offs and a severe lack of guard rails . It drizzled , and then it poured . We were tired , and sore from sitting . We arrived in the dark and woke up to our first true blue - sky day of the trip . We bundled up , strolled the harbor , drank tea with fishermen , checked out the castle , and then went looking for a meal to match our grilled hamsi in Amasra . Mert sells fish in the harborside fish shop opened by his grandfather . He works there with his father , his uncles , and various assorted other colleagues . Born in Sinop , Mert attended university in Istanbul . He earned a degree in chemical engineering and could have stayed on , but he chose to return to his home . \" If you have money you can live like a king in Istanbul , \" he says . \" But here in Sinop is a good life . I have a job , I have family , I have everything I need . \" Mert loves fish -- that much is apparent the minute he begins talking about how to cook it . \" I like to boil fish in just a little water . Nothing else . No onions , no tomatoes , just a little salt . That 's the best way -- then you can really taste it . \" It was 10 in the morning , and the sun glinted off the silver and black skins of the hamsi mounded in a bin at Mert 's shop . When he asked why we were in Sinop in the middle of winter -- \" You should come in the summer . Sinop is paradise in July . \" -- we replied : \" Hamsi . \" Ahhhh .... Mert nodded in understanding . Then he invited us to lunch . We returned at 1 pm to find Mert behind the fish counter , gently tossing beheaded whole hamsi in flour as a skillet filled with a single layer of hamsi arranged in a pretty pinwheel sputtered on top of a single gas canister . The clean , ocean - y smell of the freshest fish frying drifted around the shop and out into the street , luring passers - by and customers in for a peek . Mert placed a lid over the top of the hamsi and deftly flipped the pan over , then slid the half - browned anchovy'pancake ' back into the skillet . After a couple more minutes he slid the fish into a metal bowl sitting on a low table next to the burner . He pulled a loaf of bread out of plastic bag hanging on a hook behind the fish display , opened a styrofoam containter to reveal the most gorgeous \" take - out \" salad we 've ever seen , cut an onion into wedges , and sliced a lemon in half . Friends , we found our hamsi heaven . Steaming hot , their flour coating barely detectable , the anchovies were all crunchy tail and light crispy browned bits clinging to firm and plump , meaty torsos with a sweetness found only in specimens plucked from the sea hours before eating . Mert told us to use our hands and we did , picking the fish up by their tails and dangling them over our mouths before devouring them whole and following with bites of salad and bread . After we 've eaten our fill ( an embarassing amount of anchovies ) Mert guides us upstairs to show us the addition his family has recently added to their shop : several floors , to house a fish restaurant . Customers will choose their fish from the display downstairs and eat it cooked as they like in one of several dining rooms boasting what must be one of Sinop 's most spectacular views . Reminds me a lot like fresh ' ikan tamban ' ( as known by the malays ) . A more favoured species will be the ' ikan tamban setu ' . If I 'm not wrong , in Malaysia , they usually sell the dried version . However I usually eat the fresh ones , innards removed but heads intact . Marinate with salt and tumeric and deep fry . Best eaten with ' nasi lemak ' . My only experience of eating fish ' fresh from the sea ' was in Damsui - where my father was born and in this restaurant of an owner who had some connection going back to my grandfather 's generation . And the freshness and sweetness of the meat is just no comparison to anything you could get from the market . They actually tasted ' sweet ' . Robyn , one question - back to the ' It 's a man 's world \" - were you the only woman lurking about ' again ' ? In some cultures - certainly in Chinese or Taiwanese - women are considered ' bad luck ' at ports . I remember me and my friends were touring the Northern coast of Taiwan and a couple of fishermen saw us and shouted to this local friend - why the hell you bring these women here ! ! They were n't kidding ! I am from Blacksee , near the Sinop!I am very glad to find your blog and see this post about my hometown!I like Hamsi but it is so salty:)I prefer to eat \" Hamsi bu\u011fulama \" . You should try next time in Turkey ; ) . CT - I've never found really good , fresh anchovies in Malaysia . I also wonder if it is a different sort of anchovy . But that sounds like a wonderful preparation . Three - cookies : we have gone to ridiculous lengths in the name of eating too many foods . julie - I like them out of a tin can as well ! But this is a whole other fish . \u00c7a\u011fla - a small world ! How lucky you are to be from a hamsi town . What is hamsi buglama ? I wonder if I can find it at a Black Sea restaurant in Istanbul .... . Katy - yes I was , as I usually am once we get beyond Istanbul . Turks are unfailingly polite and I do seem to acquire an ' honorary man ' status when we 're out and about , so it was no issue . I do tend to step back a bit but Dave does n't speak any Turkish so I have to be up front and center now and again . That 's hilarious about your experience in Taiwan , BTW . Perhaps I have an honorary man status in Taiwan as well , bec . no one seemed particularly offended by my lurking about when we visited the bluefin port near Kaohsiung . It sounded the Malaysian sort of anchovy could be similar to the Taiwan sort . We would have cooked it either dried or marinated and fried too . One Chinese version ( and free from soy sauce ) - stir fried spicy tofu ( bean curd)with dried anchovy . Nice ! I also seem to recall they were complaining about a color my friend wore , I think it was red . But in any case - locals expect you people ' wo n't know it ' , so you wo n't offend if you wo n't know . It 's just sea superstitions - you have that in the West too - like a woman on board is bad luck that sort of thing because it angers the sea - except having a naked woman on board would calm the sea . Not kidding - google it , there are plenty . Oh my , once again you make me want to go to Turkey asap ! Those fish look amazing . I love anchovies too , all kinds , but especially the white ones cured in vinegar served in Spain and Italy . Those fried ones you had remind me of the fried smelt my Sicilian grandmother used to make when I was a kid . We 're yet to make it to the Black Sea regions but are determined to head there when it 's hamsi season . Love the stuff ! Looks like you 've enjoyed more than your fill of it . :) I 've heard there 's even a hamsi dessert in the Black Sea area ( ! ) Did you see any evidence of it ? Julia . what is it about your photos that even though i have been to some of the places you photograph- they make me want to go and discover those v same places - as if i had never been ! utterly gorgeous . as always . happy new year to you and yours . x shayma . Wow . I was already missing hamsi really bad , being a Turkish expat and living in landlocked Switzerland , of all places . It is definitely my favorite fish , or actually it 's a different category in itself in terms of distinctiveness and amount of flavor , not just \" fish \" . Wow , what a great post to mark the year 2011 ! Thanks for the wonderful introduction to the world of anchovies , it really gave me a good reason to visit Turkey ! Robyn , so much about superstition ; it just occur to me , your ' fish quest ' first of the year is a sign of good luck ! Though the original word , left side means ' food ' , right side means ' I ' - together means \" always food for me to eat \" . "}
{"url": "http://www.hangingwithdonna.blogspot.com/2011/04/surname-saturday-flemings-of-county.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701962902.70/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195242-00155-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Search . But , you want to watch the game with a few friends , and do n't mind having Cletus and the gang over . Do n't fret ; there are ways you can still entertain and do it on a budget . All it takes is some planning , and a bit of creativity . Have a Pot - Luck Party . There is nothing wrong about pot - luck . Suggest to the masses if they want to watch the game on your brand , spanking - new plasma tv that you bought , they may wanna bring a dish or two . It just takes some coordination , never leave it up to the masses . You are supplying the venue , so provide the paperware and beverages . Guide your guests to what they should provide . Everybody you invite should be willing to bear some cost . Have the guest that ca n't cook bring some chips , a dessert or a dip . Tell them to bring enough for the amount of guests you are having . Tell them if they are briniging a guest , the guest should bring something as well . Nobody shows up empty handed . Avoid some pre - packaged food . Ideally when you buy that bag , box or tray of prepared food , you should look at the realistic serving size , not the one put on the package . Example : Frozen Buffalo wings from some of the leading companies cost between $ 8.99 and $ 9.49 a pound for a 2.5 lb . bag . That 's spending between $ 3.59 and $ 3.79 a pound for just over 3 - 4 servings , especially if you have a bunch of hungry guys over . It 's just cheaper to make your own , especially if chicken wings cost between & 1.69 and $ 2.49 a pound . But CC , I do n't want to spend time making food ; I just want to order it or just pop it into the oven and be done with it . Only you can be the judge between the cost of convenience versus time . If you want to order wings from your local wing joint , call them NOW and make your reservation . You are n't the only one wanting wings of fire for the shindig . Making your own cold cut tray has its advantages . First , you can use sale cold cuts and cheeses and choose the ones you like . Second , it 's just cost effective . For $ 28 , you can have 2 meats and 2 cheeses and have enough to feed a hungry crowd . Why pay extra for the kale and the pile of unidentifiable lunch meat that nobody ever eats ? B.Y.O.B. . Alcohol ai n't cheap , y' all . How many times you 've had to empty half - full cans of beer ? It is a proven fact that people are less wasteful of things if they had to pay for them , and alcohol is no exception . A note , however : You should be diligent with your guests if you are serving drinks . Cut them off if they appear to be too inebriated , and never serve alcohol after the third quarter ( this always eliminates that guy who wo n't leave until all of the alcohol is gone ) . You may save yourself a headache later on , especially if your state is one who holds a homeowner responsible for how much his guests drink . The idea is to have fun . If you need any ideas for something to either serve or bring , try one of the following recipes : . This is National Irish Coffee Week , and if you 're located in the northestern United States , it couldn've come at a better time . It is just a hot mess outside today weatherwise , all icy and whatnot . I tried my first Irish Coffee when I was 18 or 19 years old . I was trying to appear sophisticated , so I ordered it with a group of co - workers on a frosty winter day way back in 1981 . I was surprised when the server brought this concoction in a glass mug piled high with whipped cream . She then artfully drizzled green creme - de - menthe and chocolate syrup all over the top . It was spectacular ; the swirls of stiff cream looked like a minature mountain while the irridescent ribbons of green and brown slowly glided in between the crevices of whipped cream . Iwondered aloud how to drink it , and someone said to drink a bit of the coffee through the small red and white coffee stirrers provided . As I took the first sip it was incredibly hot , and the bitter , sharp sting of the whiskey proved a bit challenging to me . I was n't accoustomed to the taste ; you see , I cut my drinking teeth on frozen daquiris and other sweet drinks . Another person said to stir the cream into the coffee slowly , so that as the cream melted it would cool off the drink . I followed their instructions , and secretly felt like I was in an exclusive club . That was before I went to Ireland and had the authentic version . The chef intructor took us to Slain Castle ( the same place where U2 filmed one of their videos ) , and had a great dinner . We had some pink trout among other things , and at the end I ordered an Irish coffee . What I got was nothing I had ever seen before . Instead of the glorious mounds of whipped cream and the familiar drizzles of green and brown oozing their way down the sides of my glass , I was greeted with a pedestrian - looking coffee with some cream floating on the top . The only thing spectacular about the dring was the ornate crystal glass it was housed in . What I was n't prepared for was the taste . Our instructor saw the look on my face and said , \" Just sip it through the cream , and do n't stir it . \" Following his directive , I sipped the coffee carefully . The sensations were great ; first came the cold and suprisingly thick cream , and then a warm rush of the coffee chasing it . I remembered closing my eyes , and thinking , \" Where had THIS been all my life ? ? ? \" Instead of a bitter wash of whiskey and coffee , it was warm , sweet and simply sublime . I did n't miss the cream de menthe or the chocolate syrup at all . So my friends , you too can have the same experience I had in Ireland at home . Here is a recipe I 've culled from my memory ; it 's simple ! Equipment : . Two large mugs . stainless steel bowl . whisk . measuring cups and spoons . You will need ( 2 servings ) . 2 cups brewed coffee , strong . 1/2 cup whipping cream , cold . 2 healthy shots of your favorite Irish Whiskey ( John Powers , Jameson , or Bushmills ) . 4 T. turbinado sugar , or your choice of artificial sweetener . Boiling water . Refrigerate stainless steel bowl until cold . Pour cream into bowl and whisk by hand until cream is thick and still pourable , not whipped . Set aside . In two large mugs pour boiling water into each mug and let sit for two minutes . Discard water , and add desired amount of sugar to each mug and stir . Add one shot of whiskey to each mug . Add coffee , leaving an inch below the rim of each mug . Spoon the stirred cream into each mug and serve . It is imperative that you do n't stir the cream into the coffee ; sip the coffee through the cream carefully in order to appreciate the whole experience . I first ran into the Obama cocktail a few days ago while pleading to Anthony Bourdain to let me give him a proper tour of Baltimore in a recent post . In his blog , he wrote about this ghastly concoction containing come form of cocoanut ( probably Malibu rum ) , Blue curacao , and pineapple juice . Besides making your teeth chatter with all that extra sugar coursing through your veins , it just sounds just plain nasty . Obama has an elegance about him , with just a hint of swagger . I suggest that a drink named after him contain these elements . I suggest we make something similar to the drink pictured above . This is the official ( at least according to the website ) Barack Rocks Cocktail . After consulting a few buddies of mine , we decided to make up a martini ( elegance ) with a kick ( swagger ) . We came up with the Barackatini . Note : This is what we thought a proper tribute to our next president . I am acutely aware that this may just be another form of another drink out there somewhere , so save all of the \" hey , that 's just a ( insert drink name here ) for someone who gives a fark , thank you very much . The Barackatini ( serves two ) . In a shaker with ice , pour the following : . 2 healthy shots of raspberry vodka . 1 heathy shot of Cointreau . splash of pineapple juice . splash club soda . Orange twist for garnish . Blue decorating sugar for rimming glass . Chill martini glasses for 20 minutes . Run a twist of orange around the rim of one glass and drop into martini glass . Repeat with the other glass . Place the rim of each glass into the blue sugar and set aside . Shake contents of shaker until well blended , and strain into martini glasses . Enjoy ! In the spirit of the day , let us all rejoice in the realization of a dream deferred . Kellogg issued a recall on some of its products containing peanut butter today in a press release on the Food and Drug Adminstration 's website Friday . The FDA is advising that all consumers stat away from all products containing peanut butter . The current list of products recalled containing peanut butter include products made by Little Debbie , Famous Amos , Austin 's ( shown here ) , and products containing peanut butter including some brands of candies , cookies and ice cream . I ran across your blog the other day , and was ecstatic that you came to my hometown - Baltimore , Maryland . Then , I was surprised at your choice of eateries ; Mo 's Crab and Pasta Factory . I 'm sure you went there as part of the show , and to meet some of the cast of \" The Wire . While I appreciate that you may have enjoyed yourself at the fixture that is Mo 's ( BTW- What the EFF is an Obama drink ? ? ? ? I feel that you missed some of the best food that we have to offer . By the way ; I 'm not talking about some high - priced chi - chi , frilly place , but good food and great atmosphere . Places like The Blue Moon Cafe , who serves the best breakfast in the city . Big portions , and all of it is homemade . And , Peter 's Inn , with ambitious food and atmosphere crammed into a tiny Fell 's Point row home . And , while in Fell 's Point , we have to go to Bar , the original hole - in - the - wall . Can I get an Amen ? Amen . Oh , and we can explore Hampden , hon for some of the local bars , and then make our way to the Real Deal Jamaican - American carry out for some of the BEST jerk chicken I 've had to date . Afterwards , we can stop by Club Chuck for a nightcap before I put you on the train back to New York . Did I mention you will have to pay , because I 'm poor . Really poor . But that 's another story for another day . Please entertain the idea of escorting a retired chef around town so I can show you all the flavors of the town I love so dearly , warts and all . The Culinary Chick . PS : Anyone within the Baltimore - area who wants to throw in their two cents , feel free to do so . "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Forums/Coffeehouse/Recommended-reading-oral-hygiene", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701157075.54/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193917-00151-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Along the Natchez Trace . My Love Affair With Peanut Butter , 108th Carnival Of Genealogy - Food ! The topic for this edition of the Carnival of Genealogy is : Food ! Bring your family recipes , stories of picnics , food fights , food allergies , favorite summertime foods you remember , and best of all , photos of family favorite foods . Thanks to Jasia of Creative Gene for hosting this COG . And , thanks to footnoteMaven for the always terrific poster ! Here is the deal , I rather LOVE food . I just do n't enjoy shopping for it , or preparing it , or even cleaning up after it is devoured . The simply perfect foods are things like apples , cut into quarters , chow down . Or yogurt , open container , insert spoon , chow down . Nuts work well too , numma numma , chow down . Cheese cubes , ya , another numma numma , chow down . Now it is not that I am a bad cook , I just do n't enjoy the process . I have been told my baked beans are pretty good , ditto for my cheesy scalloped potatoes . I have a recipe that I sorta cobbled together for nachos that I am rather proud of . And , there is the famous family cheese cake recipe passed down from my mother . There are some Christmas cookie recipes that are favorites too , one , again , from my mother , the other from a friend . Both of those involve pecans or walnuts . But , honestly these days I would rather travel , take photos , write blogs and do family research . Man and I frequently lament that what we need is a wife , one that LOVES to cook . Trouble with that is that we would probably both gain a few pounds , OK , a LOT of pounds . Maybe it is a good thing that I do n't cook a lot . All this said , I do have a favorite food , no , not chocolate , not yogurt ( although that is a close second ) . My fav food has to be peanut butter . Remember that apple , ya , did I mention that it would be smothered in peanut butter ? Well , it would be ! One of my fav comfort foods when just NOTHING else will do , a peanut butter and jelly sandwich . Ya , simple , but , I 'll bet you have lots of wonderful memories attached to that simple PB & J , from your childhood . Sure ya do ! How 'bout peanut butter pie , second only to cheese cake in my estimation ! I used to maintain a running list on what restaurant had the best peanut butter pie - - I loved it that much . Now , I do n't mind a little chocolate with it , but , I want more peanut butter than chocolate and I want it to really taste like peanut butter , give me the flavor baby ! ! Oh , and please , please , please , do not put those mini chocolate chips in there , those horrible little things taste like wax , like totally ruins the pie no matter how creamy and peanut buttery it may be ! Nix the chips ! Oh , and have you ever tried peanut butter ice cream topping ? ? My preference , heavily drizzled over really good vanilla , french vanilla , even better ! Peanut butter on toast , not bad . Better , peanut butter on toasted chocolate chip bagels . Best source of chocolate chip bagels found so far is a little bagel shop in Ann Arbor Michigan . They sell out VERY early in the morning , EVERY morning ! Of course , I am a tried and true fan of Reese peanut butter cups . And , those Easter eggs Reese puts out , that are about 2 inches wide and 3 to 4 inches long and I swear they are 1/2 inch thick . TO DIE FOR ! ! Maybe my most favorite use of peanut butter is to add a bit of kick to brownies and s'mores . Yaaa , sounds pretty good eh ? ? ? Take a moist brownie , heavy on the chocolate , nuts of choice ( or not ) , and even add some chocolate frosting if you must . Now , add peanut butter . My mad method of managing all this gooey yummy brownie / frosting / peanut butter mess is to turn the brownie over , glob the peanut butter on the backside . Frosting on one side , peanut butter on the other , stand over sink and start munching . Yes , you will require cleaning up afterwards , that 's the point of the sink standing ! The s'mores with peanut butter actually was something my brother dreamed up one night around a campfire . We were burning marshmallows for s'mores when he requested peanut butter . I really thought he had gone over the edge , but , he does love his peanut butter . ( Must be a family thing , eh ? ) So , I dug out the peanut butter and sat and watched as he smeared one graham cracker with the PB , and then added the roasted / burnt marshmallow and chocolate and another square of graham cracker . He pronounced it as excellent . I hesitated , asking , \" really ? \" But , I did not hesitate long , made myself one and have never looked back ! Yep , peanut butter rules , oh , and make that smooth if you please , simply smooth , thank you . I have received not one thing from them for mentioning them here in my blog . If they send product later , as a thank you , like that 's gon na happen , NOT , but if they do , I am going to enjoy it . They have a web site here , with photos of products , I had to clean the drool off the keyboard . Ya , I have a fav there too ! And , no my friends , this Demon sufferer rarely enjoys diabetic diet busters these days . But , those apples -- I still smother them in peanut butter . . . 13 comments : . ROTFLOL ! Great post Carol ! I never realized how much I missed out on with peanut butter . We were not allowed to have it when we were children . My Irish mother was very suspicious of it , especially given the more than plump proportions of a neighbour , who seemed to eat nothing but PB & J sandwiches . I still remember the first time I bought a jar of peanut butter after I 'd moved away from home . I felt as though I was committing a crime , and imagined my mother would find out . I 've been playing catch - up over the years , and enjoy it once in a while . Probably still worried Mom will find a jar in my fridge . Peanut butter is not something that I eat regularly , but it is something I occasionally get a strong craving for - must have a glob of it on top of some good oatmeal bread . The other way I have enjoyed it is as a kind of cake topping - combined with a bit of regular butter and drizzled over a cake - yummm ! Interesting food choice Carol . You are a true lover of peanut butter . I also love PB&J sandwiches , but only if and when it slides down my throat ! You have such creative ways to use the product , now go have some peanut butter cups on me ! You are so right ! Peanut Butter is the best ! When we were walking the streets of Stockholm , I saw a store that specialized in American food but the sign that caught my eye first simply said \" peanut butter \" . This has to be one of your very best posts , Carol ! You had my mouth watering from the title of the post till the footnotes at the end . I too happen to be a big fan of peanut butter . I do n't eat it as often as I 'd like ( because of the calories ) but I have to agree that there is no better way to enjoy a good crisp apple than slathered in peanut butter . A friend turned me on to that culinary delight back in my college days . It 's made for many a lunch staple for me over the years . And you 're right about the PB&J as a comfort food too . Been there , done that . I 've never had the pleasure of trying a chocolate chip bagel though . You say there 's a good place to get one in A2 , eh ? Hmmm . Food for thought . Thanks for participating in the COG , Carol ! And now I 'm off for a tablespoon of peanut butter ( these days I 'm in to Smuckers Natural ) . I love peanut butter , too , but most often in the form of Reese 's p.b . cups ( pretty much daily ) . The owner of a local restaurant has a great recipe for a peanut butter pie she called \" Snickers Pie . \" It might have too many other ingredients for you but it was a great combination : an oreo crust topped with caramel , then peanuts , then a hefty layer of the peanut butter filling ( about 3 \" high ) , topped with a drizzle of chocolate . We 've tried several recipes hoping to discover one like her p.b . filling but so far , have n't found one to equal it . They sold the building where she rented space and she did n't open elsewhere . We miss that p.b . pie ( and everything else on her menu ) . Thanks for sharing . I 'll think of you the next time I eat peanut butter . Carol , I practically BREATHED Fluffernutter sandwiches in the first and second grade . Those were made ( still are , btw ) with Marshmallow Fluff and any sort of PB . I had one of those everyday in my Roy Rogers lunchbox until one day I shocked my Mom by asking for PB&J instead ! Best PB I ever had though came in the large institutional cans we used from the USDA at the summer camp I worked as a college student . Oh , wow , this post has my imagination going overtime . Peanut butter swirl / chocolate ice cream for me ! I love peanut butter and chocolate . But then , I love just plain peanut butter . Who needs bread , anyway ? What no Drake 's Funny Bones ? Those chocolate cakes with the fake peanut butter filling . I love those . Processed goodness . I also love Reese Peanut Butter Cups . My son does n't like peanut butter ( Hard to believe I know ... ) , so I snag all of them out of his little trick or treat pumpkin after Halloween . Yum ! Welcome to my Followers , valued friends , I am so glad you are here . Follow by Email . Subscribe To . All photos on this blog are those taken by Man or Moi , unless otherwise noted . Documents are either from some great genealogy site or are scans of originals I have turned up in my years of research . Other images should be accompanied by some kind of source data . Please be courteous , if you borrow them , give us credit . We know you are clicking ! Thank you , we are honored you care to borrow . Creative License . About Me . Things I love : Family , Grandchildren , Rving , computers ( sometimes , but not when they are being bad ) , family history , yorkies , techy toys like my iToys , photography . I am all of these , so I write about them all , and more . The New Ride , JGGBB4 , Jolly Green Giant Big Butt 4 . Favorite sayings . \" Living on Earth is n't cheap , but it does include a yearly free trip around the sun . \" ( Source unknown . ) \" Do what you can , with what you have , where you are . \" Theodore Roosevelt . \" The only difference between a rut and a grave ... is the depth . \" Chinese proverb : \" To forget one 's ancestors is to be a brook without a source , a tree without a root . \" \" I sure wish they sold memory sticks for humans ... I could use an upgrade . \" \" Do n't let procrastination be your primary time management skill . \" \" If you are normal .... no one will listen , If you 're deranged .... they will make you their leader . \" \" You 're just jealous that the voices are talking to ME ! \" \" I 'm quite sure that no friendship yields its true pleasure and nobility of nature without frequent communication , sympathy and service . \" ( From George E. Woodberry ) . ( From Henri Nouwen ) . \" Do n't go where the road leads , rather go where there is no road and make a trail . \" \" Broken hearts are what give us strength , understanding and compassion . \" "}
{"url": "http://www.bagandbaggage.com/blog/tag/nuqui", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701168998.49/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193928-00179-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Tabs . Knowing how to talk about body parts , sexuality , safety , and privacy in age appropriate ways with our kids can be so challenging and intimidating and even awkward as a parent . We want to protect our kids , but often can feel a little muddled in the \" when and how to talk about what \" as our babies become preschoolers who become school - age kiddos . Equipping our kids to understand their bodies , their privacy , and their safety is an incredibly valuable tool we can give them . The other day , my friend Mrs. Gore over at Mrs. Gore 's Diary , shared an incredible resource to help us as parents navigate these topics in age appropriate ways . The book God Made All of Me by Justin and Lindsey Holcomb is a phenomenal resource to help you equip your kids to protect their bodies . It is written as a picture book of a family having a very natural conversation about these topics . This book could be read aloud to your children ( even your very young children ) as a conversation starter , or it could simply be a tool for you as a model of how to have this kind of conversation with your children . There are some practical steps at the end of the book for you as a parent to incorporate into your life as tools to help protect your child from sexual abuse . 1 ) How to empower your children to be able to say \" no \" to any kind of unwanted touch ( even as simple as normal but unwanted hugs from relatives and friends ) . This helps them become accustomed to being in charge of their own bodies by communicating and holding their own boundaries for their own bodies . I highly recommend buying this book and using it as a resource not only for your kids , but also for yourself in knowing how to continually create this type of safe culture within your family . Click here to see God Made All of Me on amazon . To educate yourself even further on the importance of being courageous enough to talk about child sexual abuse , please watch Jill Tolles share both powerful facts and personal insights on the issue in the TEDx video below . Lastly , if you have been a victim of child sexual abuse , I am so sorry . If you have never told anyone , will you take a courageous step today to share that burden with a safe person and begin your own journey of healing ? You do not have to carry that burden alone any longer . You may want to use discretion as to where you keep it if you have skilled readers in your home that are not ready for the weight of the parental information in this book . But . That good , original design has been tainted by the fall . You entered a fallen world when you were born . Creation has been altered ... broken . You entered a broken world . You yourself have been broken by sin done to you and sin you 've done yourself , your very sin separating you from God . Then . Jesus entered the story . His death and resurrection brought about redemption . Now you can be brought from darkness and death to light and life . When we follow Jesus with our lives , we are redeemed . The story does n't end there . As long as we are alive on this earth , we have the opportunity to join with Jesus ' restorative work by engaging in His transformation of our very selves . We have the opportunity to enter into His healing of the wrongs that have been done to us . We also have the opportunity to engage His transformation of ourselves through confession and repentance of our own sin , ultimately believing Him to make us new , as we live connected to the Spirit . He reconnects the echoes of our original design to our current reality . And as we experience His restoration of ourselves , we have the opportunity to bring restoration to all the people and places our lives touch . I am walking out the door in a couple hours to be at a retreat I 've been dreaming about for months . Four ladies at my favorite bed and breakfast for 48 hours sharing our stories , our hearts , and looking to God to speak to us as we meet together . Can . not . wait . This is the weekend I have ahead of me : Rest . Renewal . Gourmet breakfast . A large quiet room with no night wake - up calls from small people . Dinner delivered right at my doorstep . Alone time . Spiritual encouragement . Friendship . The weekend Val has ahead of him , though , is very different from mine . Work . Energy being poured out nonstop . Waking up to an assortment of possible needs from snuggles because of nightmares to a midnight snack plea to a 4 a.m. bottle ( who knows if Val will even sleep ... pray for him ) . Cooking breakfast . Making lunch . Cooking dinner . Making snacks . All day . Changing diapers . Playing endless games of Chutes and Ladders or Angry Birds . Comforting a teething toddler . Reading bedtime stories . Doing bedtime baths . Breaking up squabbles . Doing dishes . Doing dishes . Doing dishes . Reading Beautiful Babies at least 100 times . Getting everyone outside to play . Wrestling . Listening to lots of talking about lots of topics with lots of questions all day long . Lots and lots of work . Val is doing this because he actually does believes what that quote at the beginning says : changing the world begins at home . While Val does do wildly world changing things like going into Middle Eastern nations in times of war to offer medical relief , he also does not view changing diapers as something that is beneath him . Some of his most powerful world changing impact happens right in our home with our family of five . He believes that loving , serving , and connecting with his wife and kids is God 's work in action . He is incredibly involved on a daily basis in our family life . But he does n't just stop there , either . Just as much as he believes that his world changing impact is both within the home and beyond the home , he also believes that I , too , have world changing purposes to live out , both within the home and beyond the home . Val gives himself to making it possible for me to do the things that I feel God leading me to do and be ... both within the home and beyond . To any men that are reading today , this is where world changing begins : loving , serving , and connecting with your wife and kids in everyday tangible ways . Start there , and you will watch the world change right in front of you . I have this little dream of featuring a variety of homeschool families on this blog . I stepped toward this dream by asking some of my homeschool - mom friends to share a few words about what homeschooling feels like in their family followed by photos of their family actively homeschooling . I am calling these blurbs and photos \" Homeschooling Snapshots . \" Here are a few homeschooling snapshots : . When I first considered homeschooling , I visualized myself standing in front of my children , all dressed and seated ( pencils in hand ) around our dining room table . But it did n't take us long to find a rhythm that looked a whole lot less formal than that . Homeschool takes place all over our house for a few hours every morning . Sometimes it looks like explaining a math assignment to my nine - year - old son while I finish the dishes . Sometimes it looks like my daughter lying on the floor of my bedroom filling in her spelling workbook while I change our sheets . Sometimes it looks like sitting on the family room sofa to teach my five - year - old how to read . And , sometimes , it looks like a family game of UNO where it does n't seem like school at all , yet with every game my four - year - old gets better at his numbers , colors , and matching skills . Some days everyone is dressed before school . Other days , we all ( myself included ) get it done in our pajamas . With all the pressures of this life lingering outside the walls of our home , I cherish the opportunity to keep our learning casual , relaxed and fun . We love being able to teach our children at home . The best thing is having a flexible schedule with other activities and with their individual academic needs . It 's fun to enjoy time together as a family and all participate with learning about the world , reading , history , Science and P.E. . I 'm honored Katie asked me to contribute to her \" snapshot \" blog post ! I considered not sharing because , to be real , I would n't read about what someone else 's homeschooling day looks like . When I have read homeschooling moms posts ' , as each line builds , my confidence decreases . They obviously know what they are doing and I do not . The intentions are always to encourage ; but my immaturity always wins and I am discouraged . I know I 'm not the only one who feels this way . A dear friend from out of state recently visited me . As all homeschooling moms do we talked above the chaos ( read eight children ) about our homeschooling lives . On the last day her eyes swelled with tears as she confessed struggling and feeling defeated in her ability to school in comparison to other homeschooling moms . Why do we put the standard of what a homeschool day / mom / life should be on those standing next to us ? We are not intended to be each other 's standard . Our God knows you and your children more intimately than any other , trust Him . That being said , what does our day looks like ? Honestly , it 's never the same ! Each day has it 's own issues the pendulum swings from good too bad in mere seconds . I do n't get too worried about that . In the last several years God has revealed some major truths about me and how I teach , and my girls and how they learn . In this understanding He has helped me carve the \" space \" for school . I know what I want my girls to learn in the year . But making sure we had the opportunity to do just that was and is big to orchestrating our days . Frustration has defined the borders of this space ! I began to dread Mondays . Roll out of bed and then roll back into bed kind of Mondays . We are pretty firm on resting on Sunday but rest created two days worth of work on Monday . I quickly realized if I was to rest on Sunday I would have to school Tuesday - Friday and allow Monday to be house - attack day . We have a two year old . I quickly learned I can not teach and have a two year old in the house at the same time . A lot of people can . I ca n't . So my precious daughter goes to preschool Tuesdays and Thursdays and I teach my older two daughters from the moment my toddler is gone to the moment she returns . This is my space to be with my schooling girls . Do I care what subject we tackle first or where we do our work ; no . We just get our work done and take the time we need and do it where we want . I have a one year old who loves me , and still takes a morning and afternoon nap . I do n't know what I will do when he stops . For real . Teaching two truly is a juggling show . One is in hand being taught the other is sent out with work and then you just rotate , keep them coming and going . There are just two subjects we do together , I love and value my one on one teaching with each of my girls . Wednesday and Friday I have a folder filled with my girls ' assignments for the day they can complete without me . If they have questions they can ask , but all the work is based on the lessons we had the previous day . What a freeing moment to know your kids are doing school and you can do x , y , or z and it 's ok ! All of this may change in six months ! I know God will give me wisdom in how to orchestrate my week and curriculum based on the specific needs to our family . This is what I love about homeschooling . And let 's be honest , what sometimes drives me crazy ! "}
{"url": "https://www.behance.net/gallery/Tate-Art-in-a-Box/1197719", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162094.74/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00116-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Entries in nuqu\u00ed ( 1 ) . Looking up at the verdant walls of the huge bowl that is Medell\u00edn , and hearing the birds squawk \" Chicharr\u00f3n ! \" at us from the hotel garden , on our second morning in Medell\u00edn I felt like we 'd already arrived in the jungle . By nightfall I 'd realize how wrong I was about that . Medell\u00edn has more in common with Paris than with the region of Colombia we were about to visit : the coastal area of the Choc\u00f3 department , a scant 50 minute flight to the northwest . We spent a good , long time that morning at Medell\u00edn 's regional Enrique Olaya Herrera Airport . We 'd been impressed the day before at the crisp , on - time bus arrivals and departures . Planes in Colombia , it seems , are another matter . Our Aerol\u00ednea de Antioquia flight 's 10:00 a.m. departure time came and went , with no definite new time on the horizon . A \" creeping delay , \" my pilot friend Lorri advised . There was rain , but not much , and I 'm not sure that had anything to do with it . Interestingly , our trip window was to have been in Colombia 's dry season , but we learned that 's been a moving target the last several years , with La Ni\u00f1a extending the rainy season longer than usual . At one point an English speaking gate agent came over to check on us , leaving Lorri enormously impressed : \" American Airlines would never do that . \" We also spotted a couple I initially pegged as German who were waiting for the same flight and we decided to follow their lead ; when they started packing up , so would we . In the meantime , there were cappucinos , books , and journals , as well as donuts and Battleship played via bluetooth . ( We thought about lacing the kids ' treats with their malaria pills , but opted to wait for later opportunities . Bad call , that . ) After about a 2-hour delay we were given earplugs to guard against the de Havilland Otter 's loud engines and our flight was ready to go . Walking toward the plane we met the \" German \" couple , learned they spoke English , and that their destination was the same as ours : The El Cantil Lodge , an hour 's boat ride south of Nuqu\u00ed . We took off into a spitting rain , but still got some impressive views of Medell\u00edn as we ascended , flying over countless highrises and what looked like a sprawling university . Most of our short flight was up in the rain clouds , so the ground below us remained a mystery . When we started to descend , we could see where we were going , but the mystery , if anything , deepened . Looking down , there was dark green . No roads , no towns , no signs of human occupation . Just green . Then , also , brown , a river , and gray - blue , an ocean . The plane dipped lower and the green pulled back enough to offer up a landing strip . We were in Nuqu\u00ed . Nuqu\u00ed was 50 minutes away from Medell\u00edn , but might as well have been on the other side of the world for all the resemblance it bore to the city . You can hear and read over and over that you need to take a boat to where you 're going because there are no roads , but you do n't grasp what that means until you 're there . In this part of Colombia , \" no roads \" is more accurately stated \" just jungle . \" An abandoned twin engine prop plane was busy becoming more vegetable than mineral . The terminal interior was open - air , crumbling or under construction ( perhaps both ) , roughly the size of my bedroom , and manned by two young soldiers bristling with automatic weaponry and special forces torsos . I was n't brave enough to take their picture , or even broach the subject . Our eight - year olds were impressed , fascinated , and nowhere near as cowed by them as I felt ( but cowed enough to bring their usual exclamations to a dull roar ) . The document checking and collection of our strictly weight - limited luggage took just a few minutes , and we turned our attention to finding the boat that would take us to El Cantil . There were quite a few people milling around the dirt airport courtyard and the gate leading out to the adjacent dirt road , but no one with a sign with our names . Hmmm . A tall , broad - shouldered , African - Colombian gent in a t - shirt , cargo shorts and an El Cantil hat came up to me . His English and my Spanish were at hopeless odds . It seemed like he was wondering if we needed a ride somewhere , and I tried to convey I thought we were meeting someone else . No one else was presenting themself , however . Just then , we caught sight of the female half of the not - German couple from our flight and asked for help . Her name was Nana , and she and her husband , it slowly unfolded , were not only also going to El Cantil , but worked there . Wait , we still did n't have that right : the husband 's family owned the place . Ah ! The El Cantil hat fellow worked with them . We crossed the street to the boat . I had just enough time to snap a picture of the dock before the sky started pelting sheets of sideways rain . We 'd had to consolidate luggage for this part of the trip , leaving much in Medell\u00edn and packing just the jungle essentials , or so I thought . Some rummaging revealed Tyler 's rain slicker to be still warm and dry in our Medell\u00edn hotel . Thankfully , the kids could not have cared less . They stationed themselves in the front of the boat , scorning the offered plastic tarps and letting themselves get soaked through . They had never seen the likes of Nuqu\u00ed , and come to think of it , neither had I. . Soldiers on a dock stopped us one more time to check and log passports as we motored up the channel past town and toward the ocean . Lorri evinced a degree of calm about these guys and their firearms that I tried ( badly ) to emulate . Rationally enough , Lorri told me later she figured a strong army presence meant we were n't likely to be hassled by FARC or other dissidents . The guns just made me glassy - eyed and skittish . I did n't have time to dwell on that for the next hour though , as we entered the ocean , opened up the outboards , and headed south . The wind and rain that was busy slicing at us had churned the ocean into swells which our panga attacked like it was a cigarette boat . The boys screeched , squealed , and jounced with glee . \" This is better than a roller coaster ! \" I just barely heard Tyler yell . Nana , Lorri , and I hunkered down and held on . From time to time I scanned the shore for signs of anything that was n't jungle . But everything was . About 20 minutes after the bucking panga ride had lost its charm even for the boys , our driver slowed and backed into the tiny boat ramp at El Cantil . The accommodations were canvas windowed huts that were solidly constructed and well maintained . The huts were divided to house two sets of guests , each side with its own bathroom , and a shared porch . We hit a snag when Nana told us the four of us were booked into one room ( we were supposed to have two ) , but our hut - mates were n't arriving until our third night , so she gave us the whole unit for the first two nights . As we unpacked the boys used the porch - slung hammocks in ways I 'm sure they 'd never before been used . Rolled up like a taco , upside down , emerged as their favorite posture . We were soaked and chilly after the boat ride , and , though lunch was waiting for us , I stripped for a quick shower . To warm up . The bathrooms were spacious , clean , and offered gorgeous open air views to the jungle . There was excellent water pressure . But zero hot water . \" Um , Lorri ? There 's no hot water , \" I spluttered from under a 60 degree stream . Silence . I was fast learning Lorri was a world - class , hardcore , nigh unflappable traveler . But she loves her some hot water . Do n't we all . We adjourned for the first of a series of excellent meals at El Cantil . The menu consists of things they pull fresh out of the ocean and fresh from their garden , and everything we had there was delectable . Tyler struggles with anything that is n't pasta , so I could tell his intake here would be lean , but knew that if kids are hungry enough , they eat . Our strategy of burying their malaria pills in ice cream would n't work here though , as there was none to be had . We experimented with melting them in soup ( bad ) and tucking them into other desserts ( better ) . Though it was late in the afternoon , Nana told us we had time for the short hike to a nearby stream with a waterfall , and we grabbed our cameras and children and headed out . Guiding us was a sweet kid from the village of Termales , an hour 's walk south along the beach and home of most of the people who work at El Cantil . We did n't share a common language , but smiles and hand gestures worked fine . We found the stream about 10 minutes up the beach . Our guide showed us some prickly plant pods ( they looked like sea urchins ) the local monkeys use as brushes . Soon we were at the waterfall , and what followed was a couple of hours of the sort of bliss you can only have on vacation in a place like this . The rain had stopped , and the waterfall had a shallow basin for swimming . The water was n't warm , but not frigid either , and while Lorri and the kids explored downstream a bit I ventured in . As soon as they got back and saw I was n't getting throttled by anacondas or other submerged nasties , they all came in and we let the waterfall give us a good massage . It was spectacular . When we got back to El Cantil the boys stayed in the ocean and made friends with some girls also staying at the lodge , and Lorri and I began to take the place in . Coco palms lined the beach , with coconuts lying around in great heaps . Vibrant ginger , hibiscus , and orchids grew in profusion . Dusk came around 5:30 , and with it the housekeeping ladies to light the hurricane lamps : one on the porch and one inside each room and bathroom . By 6:00 it may as well have been midnight , the darkness was so thick and complete . At El Cantil there is electricity only in the communal dining room , and only between the hours of 6 - 10 p.m. No Internet . Marginal and unpredictable cell service . The boys collected some of our packed flashlights and kept exploring the grounds and wildlife , while we enjoyed wine on the porch with Micheline , mother of one of the boys ' new friends . Dinner that night was again delicious : grilled fish , rice , plantains , salad , a key lime custard for desert . In some places in the world , travellers converge around a cozy fire for drinks and talk . At El Cantil , it 's the power strips : a starfish - like profusion daisy chained off the dining lodge 's couple of outlets . Phones , iPads , computers , camera flashes , and sundry batteries all fought for their share of juice to face the coming day , and their owners got to know one another while jockeying for plug space . There was a Brazilian model / surfer and her film / photography crew . An extended family on an annual visit . And Micheline , a D.C. resident who 'd adopted a girl from Bogot\u00e1 . The girl 's sister and former foster mother still lived in Bogot\u00e1 , so Micheline had arranged this trip for them all so the sisters could visit . Micheline , Lorri , and I reconvened on our porch to finish our wine by lantern while the kids shone their lights into the dark places around us . Some details of our conversation bore into my subconscious like woodworms . Micheline had purchased kidnapping insurance from Lloyd 's of London to cover her various trips here . She also thought the small army encampment we 'd noticed on a stream right next to El Cantil was stationed there because some tourists had been taken from this area by FARC maybe a year or two ago . We called it an evening when it started lightly raining again . Tyler and Ryan had wanted to sleep in the porch hammocks , but Nana was pretty adamant we should sleep in the beds under the provided mosquito nets . The mosquitos here were n't annoying : they were few , small , and made pinprick bites , not big red welts . Malaria did n't seem to be a big issue in the region , but as parents we were trying to be careful and responsible . So , under the netting we went , with the boys having a sleepover in one room while Lorri and I drifted off watching Water for Elephants on her iPad in the other . Next time : I 'd make sure I knew who was meeting us at the airport and how we 'd know them , and be better informed about the availability of things like power , communications , and hot water . There seemed to be several layers of arrangement - makers between Viventura and El Cantil , so I 'd personally reconfirm the number and availability of rooms . Also , be more mentally prepared for the military . "}
{"url": "http://www.afsc.org/event/i-know-im-not-alone-film-showing", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166650.78/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00038-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "In 1795 the Marquis de Sade published his La Philosophic dans le boudoir , in which he proposed the use of induced abortion for social reasons and as a means of population control . It is from this time that medical and social acceptance of abortion can be dated , although previously the subject had not been discussed in public in modern times . It is suggested that it was largely due to de Sade 's writing that induced abortion received the impetus which resulted in its subsequent spread in western society . [ 2 ] . Population control is based on pseudoscience and ill founded economic assumptions . [ 3 ] CBS News reported : \" According to a mail - in survey of nearly 4,000 British doctors , those who were atheist or agnostic were almost twice as willing to take actions designed to hasten the end of life . \" [ 4 ] . In 2007 the Baptist Press reported : . \" ... a pollster at the University of Lethbridge in Alberta , Canada , found that adults who profess a belief in God are significantly more likely than atheists to say that forgiveness , patience , generosity and a concern for others are \" very important . \" In fact , the poll found that on 11 of 12 values , there was a double - digit gap between theists and atheists , with theists more likely to label each value \" very important . \" The survey by sociologist and pollster Reginald Bibby examined the beliefs of 1,600 Canadians , 82 percent who said they believed in \" God or a higher power \" and 18 percent who said they did not . [ 5 ] . He does n't really defend his point there , but he says , \" I have a reason why we should be moral . \" He says , \" It 's in our self - interest to be moral . \" I was really surprised to hear that coming from him . That sort of purely self - interested motivation for morality is , I think , fatal to the atheistic position because for someone who is sufficiently powerful not to be worried about what others do , self - interest can only lead to a sort of self - aggrandizing hedonism . It leads to the kind of life of a Marcos , a Papa Doc Duvalier , a Mobutu , and so forth . Self - interest will never be able to justify an ethic of compassion . And so I think that was a fatal admission on Dr. Nielsen 's part for the atheistic worldview . [ 6 ] . An essay by the Christian apologist Dr. James Spiegel describes Bertrand Russell as a \" misogynistic and a serial adulterer ; a chronic seducer of women , especially very young women , even in his old age . \" [ 7 ] . Nietzsche preached that a group of \" supermen \" must arise with the courage to create their own values through their \" will to power . \" Nietzsche rejected the \" soft \" values of Christianity ( brotherly love , turning the other cheek , charity , compassion , etc . ) ; he felt they hindered man 's creativity and potential .... . Many other atheists agree with Nietzsche concerning moral relativism . British philosopher Bertrand Russell ( 1872 - 1970 ) once wrote , \" Outside human desires there is no moral standard . \" A. J. Ayer believed that moral commands did not result from any objective standard above man . Instead , Ayer stated that moral commands merely express one 's subjective feelings . When one says that murder is wrong , one is merely saying that he or she feels that murder is wrong . Jean - Paul Sartre , a French existentialist , believed that there is no objective meaning to life . Therefore , according to Sartre , man must create his own values . There are many different ways that moral relativists attempt to determine what action should be taken . Hedonism is probably the most extreme . It declares that whatever brings the most pleasure is right . In other words , if it feels good , do it . If this position is true , then there is no basis from which to judge the actions of Adolf Hitler as being evil . [ 8 ] . Evolutionist and atheist Richard Dawkins stated in an interview : \" What 's to prevent us from saying Hitler was n't right ? I mean , that is a genuinely difficult question . \" [ 9 ] The interviewer wrote , regarding the Hitler comment , \" I was stupefied . He had readily conceded that his own philosophical position did not offer a rational basis for moral judgments . His intellectual honesty was refreshing , if somewhat disturbing on this point . \" [ 10 ] This underlines the fact that atheists have no moral grounding . An essay by the Christian apologist Dr. James Spiegel examines the morality of some well known atheists . Dr. Spiegel describes Bertrand Russell as a \" misogynistic and a serial adulterer ; a chronic seducer of women , especially very young women , even in his old age . \" [ 12 ] Spiegel refers to the atheist Karl Marx as a \" fiercely anti - semitic ; egocentric , slothful , and lecherous ; exploitive of friends and unfaithful to his wife ; sired an illegitimate son , whom he refused to acknowledge . \" [ 13 ] In addition , Spiegel refers to atheist Jean - Paul Sartre in the following manner : \" in his old age Jean - Paul Sartre - notorious for his sexual escapades with female students , often procured by his colleague and lover Simone de Beauvoir . \" [ 14 ] . John Maynard Keynes was the founder of Keynesian economics . Lytton Strachey , his male bed partner , wrote that Keynes was a \" A liberal and a sodomite , An atheist and a statistician . \" [ 24 ] Keynes and his friends made numerous trips to the resorts surrounding the Mediterranean . At the resorts , little boys were sold by their families to bordellos which catered to homosexuals . [ 25 ] . Joe Carter 's First Things article entitled The Dangerous Mind declares concerning Peter Singer : . \" Singer has spent a lifetime justifying the unjustifiable . He is the founding father of the animal liberation movement and advocates ending \" the present speciesist bias against taking seriously the interests of nonhuman animals . \" He is also a defender of killing the aged ( if they have dementia ) , newborns ( for almost any reason until they are two years old ) , necrophilia ( assuming it 's consensual ) , and bestiality ( also assuming it 's consensual ) . [ 32 ] . The Bible says that bestiality is a perversion and , under the Old Testament Jewish Law , punishable by death ( Exodus 22:19 , Leviticus 18:23 , Leviticus 20:15 and Deuteronomy 27:21 ) . The atheistic worldview does not lend itself to the establishment of morality within society and individuals ( see also Atheism and deception ) . Although bestiality is not openly supported by well known Militant Atheist sites , support for it is inherent in their insistence that decisions of a sexual nature should be left up to the individual adults to determine . God disagrees . [ 34 ] . Christopher Hitchens is one of the principal leaders of the New Atheism movement . At the end of Christian apologist William Lane Craig vs. atheist Christopher Hitchens debate there was an audience question and answer period . VIDEO The first audience member to ask a question twice asked Christopher Hitchens to label bestiality as an immoral act , but he refused to do so . [ 36 ] Dr. Craig said the question posed to Hitchens was a good one and it helped illustrate that atheism can not offer objective moral standards ( see : Atheism and morality ) . [ 37 ] . So , to answer clueless thick - skulled Christian idiot 's question , I do n't object to bestiality in a very limited set of specific conditions , but do not support it in any way [ 38 ] [ 39 ] . \" If you are sensing that there is something amiss with a person stating he neither supports nor opposes bestiality , then you are more perceptive with regard to moral reasoning than PZ Myers is . Myers once stated his morality is based on feelings of empathy . In an interview he stated , \" If I punched you in the face , you would feel bad and I would feel bad . and that 's where morality comes from . \" Ironically , Myers offers a cartoon that mocks plaintive logic , that is , logic based on feelings , which is exactly the same basis of morality Myers appealed to in his interview . When I sent Myers an email asking him to clarify what \" specific conditions \" would make bestiality morally acceptable in his opinion , he declined to address my email and my second article on the subject . The problem for Myers here is quite simple . If nothing must be held sacred , then why should bestiality be considered acceptable only under certain conditions and not always ? Why should animal rights be an issue if animal rights are not sacred ? These are logical contradictions he needs to address . What is happening here is that Myers is revealing in his quote that he does in fact believe that some boundaries must be held sacred . [ 40 ] . [ 41 ] . On January 2 , 2008 Christian apologist Vox Day wrote in an article entitled Atheist Dad of the Year : . So , it 's more than a little amusing to see PZ Myers angrily defending his daughter 's public argument against anti - bestiality laws . Now , it 's certainly the girl 's right to advocate on behalf of whatever legal cause she feels is important to her , but this particular choice of subject really does n't provide the most convincing evidence against the oft - repeated charge that atheists are hopelessly immoral . And if there 's nothing rationally objectionable about the practice , then from whence comes this defensive paternal outrage ? [ 42 ] . \" Skatje Myers , the daughter of atheist PZ Myers , wrote : . Sexual relationships between humans and animals come as such a shock to people , but it does n't to me . There can be very deep , meaningful relationships between humans and their pets ... . That said , I remind you that my position is n't based on my own personal wants . I just do n't see any reason to ban it other than the same reason things like homosexuality and sodomy were banned : it 's icky . I think it 's bad practice to put social taboos into legislature when no actual logical argument can be made against it . [ 43 ] [ 44 ] . \" Skatje Myers on morality . On August 18 , 2011 , Skaje Myers wrote : . I 'm a moral nihilist . I have no reason to believe that morality is anything other than preferences . I have those preferences , of course - essentially it 's just intuitional leanings . Any need or desire to follow those leanings is purely for my own enjoyment . I decide what is right and wrong based on what I feel is right and wrong , and I follow them only because of a self - created obligation to myself . I demand that others follow the same \" rules \" I have for myself , because I want them to . It makes the world the way I want it to be . The way I see it , every other system of morality is based on unjustifiable claims too , so why follow someone else 's invented ideas of right and wrong ? [ 45 ] . Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin wanted to rebuild the Red Army , in the mid-1920s , with Planet - of - the - Apes - style troops by crossing humans with apes . This was according to a report in The Scotsman newspaper on 20 December 2005 . The report claimed that Stalin ordered Russia 's top animal - breeding scientist , Ilya Ivanov , to use his skills to produce a super warrior . Stalin is said to have told Ivanov , ' I want a new invincible human being , insensitive to pain , resistant and indifferent about the quality of food they eat . ' 2 In 1926 , the Politburo in Moscow passed this request to build a ' living war machine ' on to the Academy of Sciences , who engaged Ivanov and sent him to West Africa with many thousands of dollars to conduct experiments in impregnating chimpanzees by artificial insemination . In the USSR , a centre was set up in Georgia , Stalin 's birthplace , for the ' apes ' to be raised . Ivanov 's experiments in Africa were a total failure . Further experiments in Georgia to use monkey sperm in human volunteers also failed . Ivanov was now in disgrace . For his expensive failure , he was sentenced to five years ' jail , commuted to five years ' exile in Kazakhstan , where he died in 1932 , aged 61 . [ 46 ] . Atheism offers no condemnation of rape and it provides no moral basis a society to attempt to prevent and deter rape . Western atheists often assert there are no absolutes in morality and argue for moral relativism . When considering any and every atheist condemnation of any action whatsoever it is of primary importance to keep in mind that they are expressing personal opinions about the act(s ) they are condemning . They are merely telling you their personal preferences in the form of morality borrowed from the Judeo - Christian worldview . They are piling unfounded assertion , upon unfounded assertion , upon unfounded assertion , and building a tel of arguments from outrage , arguments from personal incredulity , arguments for embarrassment , etc . [ 47 ] . TheAmazingAtheist is YouTube 's most subscribed to YouTube channel produced by an atheist and as of February of 2012 it had over 280,000 subscribers . In 2012 , he viciously told a rape victim \" you deserved it \" and told her that her rapist \" deserved a medal \" . He also told her that she should try to relive the rape in her mind . On June 14 , 2012 , an article entitled Atheist leaders and immoral relationships published by an advocate of the Question evolution ! campaign declared : . \" The website Submitted to a Candid World is written by an agnostic and the website was praised by the prominent atheist PZ Myers in the past . On April 20 , 2012 an article appeared in Submitted to a Candid World which declared : . ' Several of my close friends - coincidentally , all extremely intelligent , math / science oriented , and leaders in the freethought / rationality / atheist communities - find themselves practicing and promoting an arrangement they term \" polyamory . \" Essentially , this describes a post - jealousy , highly rationalized state where participants date each other , and several others simultaneously . In the ideal polyamorous relationship , one man is seriously \" dating \" several women , each of whom is in turn dating several men . ' [ 49 ] . The article Atheist leaders and immoral relationships further declares : . \" Several leaders of the \" freethought\"/atheist community are practicing and promoting polyamory . This is not going to help the poor reputation that atheism already has among the public . The Mormons promoted bigamy for a while and later retracted their position due to the public outrage . Of course , atheist leaders engaging in and promoting practices such as polyamory is one of the many reasons why atheism has such a bad reputation in the world . [ 50 ] . Moral depravity : The history of the atheist community and various studies concerning the atheist community point to moral depravity being a causal factor for atheism . [ 51 ] Francis Thompson wrote : \" Maybe the atheist can not find God for the same reason a thief can not find a policeman . \" The Bible asserts that \" The fool has said in his heart , ' There is no God . ' They are corrupt , they have done abominable works , there is none that doeth good . \" ( Psalms 14:1 ( KJV ) ) . The biblical fool is said to be lacking in sound judgment and the biblical fool is also associated with moral depravity . For example , the biblical book of Proverbs states : \" A wise man is cautious and turns away from evil , But a fool is arrogant and careless . A quick - tempered man acts foolishly , And a man of evil devices is hated . The naive inherit foolishness , But the sensible are crowned with knowledge . \" ( Proverbs 14:16 - 18 ( NASB ) ) . The book of Proverbs also has strong words regarding the depravity of biblical fools : \" The desire accomplished is sweet to the soul : but [ it is ] abomination to fools to depart from evil . \" ( Proverbs 13:9 ( KJV ) ) . Regarding the deceitfulness of fools Proverbs states : \" The wisdom of the sensible is to understand his way , But the foolishness of fools is deceit . \" ( Proverbs 14:8 ( KJV ) ) . [ 52 ] . Peter wrote that his views changed slowly , as he came to see the fruit of atheism . Part of this realisation came when he was working as a journalist in Moscow , during the final years of the Soviet Union . His depiction of this godless society was sobering . Peter wrote of how traffic stops dead in Moscow when rain begins to fall , as every driver fetches wind - screen wipers from their hiding places and quickly fits them to their holders . Any wipers left in place when the car is parked are stolen as a matter of course . The atheist , humanistic ideology of the state , he believed , had even affected the Russian language . Peter spoke to a descendant of an exile , whose grandparents had fled Moscow in the days of Lenin . Having been brought up to speak pure Russian in his American home - the elegant , literary language of his parents - he was shocked when he visited Russia to hear the coarse , ugly , slang - infested and bureaucratic tongue that was now spoken , even by educated professionals . [ 54 ] . Nobel Prize winner Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn was asked to account for the great tragedies that occurred under the brutal communist regime he and fellow citizens suffered under . Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn offered the following explanation : . Over a half century ago , while I was still a child , I recall hearing a number of old people offer the following explanation for the great disasters that had befallen Russia : ' Men have forgotten God ; that 's why all this has happened . ' [ 55 ] . Peter also wrote of what he saw as the growing public discourtesy and incivility in Britain . When he returned to London , after a five - year absence , he was shocked by the decline in people 's behaviour . He commented , \" The rapid vanishing of Christianity from public consciousness and life , as the last fully Christian generation ages and disappears , seems to me to be a major part of it . I do not think I would have been half so shocked by the squalor and rudeness of 1990 Moscow , if I had not come from a country where Christian forbearance was still well - established . If I had then been able to see the London of 2010 , I would have been equally shocked . \" In many respects , Peter 's book is a warning to people , as to the kind of society they can expect if they continue to reject Christian beliefs . [ 57 ] . Few will have missed the shocking reports of the riots seen recently throughout England . Gangs of young adults and teenagers have been on the rampage , smashing windows , looting shops , and burning cars and warehouses . Even large deployments of police have been unable to contain them . Many have been asking why all this is happening . Some reply that it is due to deep anger and frustration amongst youth , who feel they have no future , no possibility of getting a job and no stake in society . Others claim it is simply rebellion against authority and wanton criminality . Conservatives point to the disruption of family life , the promotion of single motherhood , the lack of discipline in schools and the ' rights culture ' . Liberals blame the lack of equality in society and say the answer lies in providing the young with more opportunities and better education . While there is some truth in all these views , they all fail to address the deeper issues and the true root cause of Britain 's moral and social decline . What is happening in England is the inevitable consequence of a nation rejecting God and His Word . Instead of believing what God has said , people readily believe the modern academics and politicians , who assure us that the Bible is no more than a book of myths and that we can forge a better society based on secularism . Accepting this view has led to there being no final authority , no absolute basis for morality and no clarity about who or what we are ... . When I was at school in the 1960s and 1970s , the Christian thinking and values of previous generations were still evident . General behaviour , truthfulness and respect were still considered more important than academic or material success . This was based on the view that we were made in the image of God , and good character was necessary to preserve this ... . In contrast to all this , much of today 's educational system places little if any value on such biblical ideas . This is not surprising ; if even many church leaders claim Genesis is not real history , then original sin is but a myth . In fact , it is quite likely that the ' progressive ' educationist will take a different view simply because they think that , if the Bible teaches something , it is probably wrong . The teachers know that they themselves lie , and the head teacher lies - so why should they expect their pupils not to lie ? Indeed , a recent New Scientist article actually argued , from an evolutionary standpoint , that lying in our personal , professional and social lives is a strategy for survival ! The objective of education is no longer to equip young people to serve in the community , but to maximize their ' potential for self - fulfillment ' . The great heroes of the modern age are not those who have sacrificially given themselves for others , but those who have fought for themselves and their ' rights ' . Humanists , in defiance of the true history in Genesis 3 , assert the doctrine of the intrinsic goodness of humanity and see no need to teach right and wrong . [ 58 ] "}
{"url": "http://irserver.ucd.ie/handle/10197/2305?show=full", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148558.5/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00323-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Pages . an atheist defends theists : part one : where i 'm coming from . I 've never blogged about my atheism before , because I 've never felt the need . Just as I 've never blogged about not having children . If I wrote this blog when I was in my 20s and early 30s , when I was still defending and justifying my decision , I 'm sure it would have been a frequent topic . ( In those pre - internet days , I wrote essays and tried to get them published ; these days it would be on wmtc . ) Similarly , if I were still a teenager and young adult coming to grips with my atheism , I 'm sure I 'd be blogging about it . But being an atheist is a deep part of my identity , not something in question or in flux . I 've never had the need to hash it out in public . Lately this has changed - not because my atheism has changed , but because I find myself getting annoyed at the arrogance , self - righteousness and proselytizing of some atheists . I get extra annoyed when I see atheists adopting some of the worst qualities of some theists . And I find myself in the odd position of defending believers from the generalizations and negative characterizations of non - believers . First things first . I declare myself totally and completely without religion or spirituality . I am 100 % a - theistic . Here 's a bit about when that happened and the path I followed getting there . I am Jewish . My family heritage and ethnicity is Jewish . I was raised as a Jew , in an observant , reform household . Like many families from many different faiths , my family practiced our own mix of which rituals we observed and which we did n't . In our case , that mix was controlled by the person who controlled everything in our lives , my father . On Friday nights we lit candles and said the prayers over candles , bread and wine , and had a special meal . We attended services at our synagogue almost every Friday night . I went to Hebrew School , and was a Bat Mitzvah . My older siblings were both Bar and Bat Mitzvah . We observed all the major Jewish holidays , kept \" kosher for Passover , \" and several other traditions . As a child , I believed in god as a kind of super - parent . During Yom Kippur , the Day of Atonement , I prayed to be forgiven , and worried about what might happen if god did n't forgive me . My mother and I have since talked about how horrible this is , as what sin could a normal small child have possibly committed . But I was truly afraid , and as a consequence , deeply repentant . For young people post Bat or Bar Mitzvah , our synagogue continued classes towards a ceremony called \" confirmation \" . I do n't know if this is an official part of Judaism , or something our temple cooked up to try to retain young people 's participation . I went to one class and told my parents I wanted to quit . After some negotiating , I got out . The class was comparative religion . We discussed the main themes of the other world religions , and attended several different kinds of services . It seemed pretty clear to me that the propaganda my father had fed us about Judaism was a bunch of crap . All religions taught pretty much the same things , and which you landed in was usually an accident of birth . Claiming specialness because of being Jewish was as ridiculous as claiming specialness over being white . I was a teenager , and having a lot of problems at home . It 's tempting to think I was rejecting my father through a rejection of his religion , that breaking away from Judaism was a substitute for what I could n't yet do , but would later need to do , break away from a controlling parent . But that theory breaks down when you consider that my father was a leftist . He was much more political than he was religious . I was political very early in life , and our leftist politics was something my father and I always had in common . Even when we had almost no relationship at all , we could always talk politics . It was one of our steadfast common grounds . If I were only rejecting my father , why did n't I become conservative ? Because becoming an atheist was n't about rejecting my father . It was about finding what was inside me . Who I was . Still in high school and starting to explore my own philosophies and guidelines for living , I started reading about atheism and collecting atheist quotes . Clarence Darrow - still a hero of mine - was a favourite . I liked this one : . I do not consider it an insult , but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic . I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure . But I kept this one on my bulletin board : . I do n't believe in god because I do n't believe in Mother Goose . In university , I took a sociology class on religion - its origins and social function . I 've always loved mythology , and I started to see religion in that context : a means of answering questions about life and death , a way to exercise control of society , like a form of government , perhaps a universal need of evolving humans . ( Later on , I would discover Joseph Campbell through a Bill Moyers series on PBS , and saw Christianity through a mythological framework , too . Ever since , I 've wondered how anyone can accept the story of Jesus literally , rather than as a familiar and oft - repeated myth that is found in so many different cultures . ) So , now out of the madhouse of my teenage years , and with this new sociological perspective , I started to wonder if perhaps I needed to reject organized Judaism but not religion entirely . I had been raised with the concept of god as a giant father figure in the sky , declaring \" Thou Shalt Not , \" and punishing us for invisible infractions . I had quite enough of that in my life . As it was , my entire coming of age would be breaking away from a controlling , bullying , abusive father , so perhaps I only needed to break away from a similarly fashioned deity ? In that spirit , I set out to sample some other religions and see if any of them were more suitable for me . Any mainstream Christianity was utterly out of the question , although along the way I discovered I loved gospel music . Islam was out for the same reasons Judaism and Christianity do n't work . Buddhism seemed cool , but I knew it could never be more than play - acting for me . It sounds nice , but I could n't really believe it . Plus , it seemed anti - activist , contrary to working for change and social justice . The closest I came was the Quakers . I went to a few meetings and was very impressed . But I had to face it : Quakers are Christian . Although they are egalitarian , non - judgemental , democratic , and work tirelessly for social justice in the most committed way , they are compelled to do this through belief in Christ . ( More on this concept in part two . ) And I could never pretend that Christ has any part in my life . When I was a little older , I met people who adopted alternative , non - mainstream religions , like Wicca or Paganism . I think this is cool as a matter of personal choice , but I was never drawn to it in the slightest way . I 'm not looking for anything to replace conventional religions . It does n't matter what the religion is called , or how it expresses itself , how open it is , or how ancient , or how unconventional . I simply do n't need or want any of it . Around the time I realized I could n't be Quaker , I started realizing that I was n't rejecting organized religion - or at least not only that . I was rejecting the entire concept of a creator , a supreme being , a deity . I read a bit about existentialism , and suddenly it all clicked . Please leave aside complex philosophical debates among various branches of existentialist philosophy . Those have about as much relevance to my journey as debates about full - body baptism and angels dancing on pinheads . The point , for me , is that I was introduced to a way of looking at the world that used no organizing principle of religion , fate , destiny or order . I had the great Ah - Ha Experience of recognition . We live in a meaningless universe governed by random chance . Our lives are the product of our own choices , and of random luck . God is a human - made construct . These concepts felt so right , so deeply true , to me , that I instantly knew who I was . I was an atheist , an existentialist , and a leftist . Note that I say I knew who I was . I do not say I knew The Truth . I know only the truth for me . The lens through which I see the world . 29 comments : . I broke with religion in the last couple of years of high school , myself , and although the direct catalyst was n't existentialism as far as I remember , I was reading a lot of existentialist stuff at the time . I wonder whether it was changing my viewpoint without my knowing it . Interesting . Thanks for sharing this very personal journey . Mine has been in many ways quite the opposite , although not as linear . Mine has been more of a roller coaster ride . I started out in a secular Jewish family where there were basically no religious practices at all , was an atheist all my teenage years , then became curious about Judaism and religion in general in college . Harvey came from a traditional but not very strict Orthodox family . From them I started to learn and practice more of the rituals . I started to teach myself through reading and then through synagogue attendance and classes more and more and at one point felt very connected to the spirituality of it all . My religiosity peaked in my 30s and 40s while raising my kids . But since turning 50 I have become far less engaged and far more agnostic . I struggle with it all the time . I still find some meaning in the practices --- lighting candles , keeping kosher , observing the holidays --- but the sense of connection to something God - like ? Not much these days . I could go on , but this is your blog , and I just wanted to react to what you said and to share back . M@ , interesting similarity there . I did n't really read a lot of existentialist stuff , I just dabbling . But what I did read really hit home and solidified everything . Amy , thanks for sharing , too . You 're welcome to go on at more length if you like . Your comment made me wonder if the journey was as linear as I 've told it , or if it became more organized in the telling . I think it was really as linear as that . The only part I ever struggled with was reconciling where my Jewishness fit in . But even that was not a huge struggle , nothing that caused me great anxiety or that I lost sleep over . And then it all settled down . One of my least favourite platitudes in the world - possibly the one I hate most , and which I hear the most - is \" Everything happens for a reason \" . Drives me nuts . I wonder why people persist in believing that things happen for any reason , ever . I guess it makes them feel better . But for me , nothing happens for any reason , ever . Things just happen , and we deal with them , or not . I could only accept the idea of God after reading writings that described God more as an essence that pervades us all , our better self , our sense of humanity and connection . Not as the Creator or the Overseer or the Punisher or the Rewarder --- just as the spirit that connects one being , one life to another --- human , animal , even the elements of the natural world . Almost a Buddhist view in many ways , but woven into Jewish views and rituals . Defining God in that way makes prayer , atonement , etc . , a very different experience . I wish I could connect into that energy now as easily I could ten years ago . It was often uplifting or comforting or both . My nieces and nephews ( one set of them ) are all creatively spiritual . My niece draws in parts of Hinduism ( she is very connected to India ) , Buddhism and Judaism , the nephews a broad , eclectic mix of nature and different forms of spiritualism . Their mother ( who used to comment here as mkk ) says she has no idea where it came from ! They were raised as Jewish but their parents are n't spiritualist at all . The force I feel that connects me to something larger than myself is political - the spirit of people 's struggles for freedom and equality , all over the world . I used to feel that spirituality at political events like anti - war marches long before I had any sense of religion , so I know what you mean . I think I found with religion and a sense of \" God \" as I defined it , I could also feel it at other times as well --- at synagogue , at concerts , in the classroom , and even ( maybe especially ! ) at baseball games . BTW , I feel the same way about the \" Everything happens for a reason \" view . Coincidentally , we had a similar conversation at our havurah last week ( which is really just 8 friends reading and talking about books somehow connected to Judaism ; we are currently reading a book about Islam ) . We were discussing predestination and that very saying and how not one of us bought into that idea and in fact found it infuriating . I ca n't wait to read part 2 . I 'm wondering what criticisms you have of some current atheists ( though I have some ideas ) . I 'm also atheist , was raised in a Protestant Christian ( Methodist ) family and forced to go to church several times a week . Through my teenage years , I would go in and out of phases where I was okay with going to church , but my scientific rationalism always prevented fully accepting anything that relied on belief to seem true . The only thing I miss about it is the structured ritual , which a highly unorganized person lacking in self - motivation ( like me ) appreciated . I had several friends who became Buddhist but I , maybe like you , found it too self - absorbed to be a good thing to get into . I later learned that there are other Buddhist traditions , particularly one called Engaged Buddhism , that incorporate social activism in their practice , and that the emphasis on self - absorption dominates mainly in the US ( surprise , surprise ) . I still could n't get into to it , though , because , despite not featuring any deities , it still includes the supernatural element of reincarnation . \" I used to feel that spirituality at political events like anti - war marches long before I had any sense of religion , so I know what you mean . I think I found with religion and a sense of \" God \" as I defined it , I could also feel it at other times as well --- at synagogue , at concerts , in the classroom , and even ( maybe especially ! ) at baseball games . Yes ! It 's the fellow - feeling - the commonality - the deep connection with others . For me it is not spiritual , but it is very moving and important . \" BTW , I feel the same way about the \" Everything happens for a reason \" view . \" Cool ! \" We were discussing predestination and that very saying and how not one of us bought into that idea and in fact found it infuriating . \" Extra cool ! [ I have to remember to use quotes instead of italics until Blogger fixes this glitch . ] Thanks , Dean , and thanks for sharing some of your own evolution of thought and belief . \" especially since , in my family , faith and belief seemed to be all about rationalizing authority . \" I relate ! I miss that a bit too , even though I am very self - motivated . I also miss certain holidays which I choose to no longer celebrate . But whatever , ca n't have everything . \" I had several friends who became Buddhist but I , maybe like you , found it too self - absorbed to be a good thing to get into . I later learned that there are other Buddhist traditions , particularly one called Engaged Buddhism , that incorporate social activism in their practice \" . You articulate this a lot better than I do . Yes , that 's it exactly . I also recently learned about socially engaged Buddhism - through my niece , the one I visited recently in California , and who I mentioned ( in comments ) does Hindu and other spiritual practices . \" I still could n't get into to it , though , because , despite not featuring any deities , it still includes the supernatural element of reincarnation . \" Yes . It 's still too much hocus - pocus for me . And at bottom , I just do n't feel it . I do n't feel a need to add anything like that to my life . Loved this blog post . You are at your best when you delve into your personal journeys . I 'm agnostic on a journey to atheist . Like someone earlier said I do miss the \" structured ritual \" of , in my case , the Catholic church . I could always find peace in the church although I did n't buy the underlying basis of the religion . Strange eh ? Someone mentioned India and may I suggest we take our next holiday ( you and Alan ) to India . I 'm fascinated by India but will probably never make it there . Too expensive and way too hot and humid but would love to follow you through this fascinating country ! Glad you found a philosophy you are comfortable with ! I think fundamentalist bullying about sin and all that stuff about destiny and fate are horrid anyway - and extremely patriarchal and oppressive , of course ! I had some extremely scary childhood experiences with fundamentalist bullies , too ... They were not only forgotten at the denazification but even already at enlightenment , I say nowadays ! the spirit of people 's struggles for freedom and equality , all over the world . Wow , great ! I always say that the main thing is that people believe in human rights / humanity ( not cult abuse or anything else , which is extremely nasty and abusive ! ) and the rest is a personal issue , up to each and every person for themselves . Once I was comforting somebody in an unhappy relationship ending and suddenly he mentioned he 's religious , too . And then I said if it 's a positive ressource for you in the sense that God / Jesus will help you to recover and stuff , there 's nothing wrong with that . Interesting that so many people have looked at Buddhism , because the Belief - O - Matic always puts me at 98 % Buddhist - a higher score even than atheist ( which I actually am ) . But , like you said , I do n't actually need it . Knowing that Buddhism is apparently the best religion for me is just as relevant as knowing my ideal cat breed or the most perfect baby name ( me being a childfree dog person ) . As a more recent Atheist I think I might be harsher on religion that those who found it earlier in their life . Because being raised Catholic nearly killed me . So I first rejected that specific cult ( I know harsh)in my early 20 's . Yet managed to call myself a Chrisian until a couple years ago . I stepped in and out of various ligther versions of Christianity until I figured it out . Coming to Atheism was n't a quick and easy decision , it was slow , I compare it to unraveling onion skin . But it finally clicked and I got it and honestly I think it made me a smarter person . It made me realize my destiny is up to me , I need to take control rather than sit back and pray for help , I take responsibility and action myself . If I succeed or fail I do not cop out claiming God or Satan , it 's just life . I dearly love many Christians , not all are the same , but as a whole I am disgusted by the leadership of all the major religions . They hurt far too many people every single day and do n't get a pass because they do good too . Yesterday my neighbour was mercifully putting down his very sick dog . I ran into them in the morning and said my goodbyes . I had to stop myself from saying the usual religious based platitudes . They still come naturally in odd situations . I simply said \" She had a wonderful 15 years , I am so sorry . \" In the end I wish I could have changed Christianity from the inside , but it 's an impossible task . Thanks , Tom . Interesting that you tried being Christian after being Catholic , and that did n't work either . I had to stop myself from saying the usual religious based platitudes . They still come naturally in odd situations . I simply said \" She had a wonderful 15 years , I am so sorry . \" Good for you . I hate that shit , especially when someone has died . They 're gone , damnit - do n't tell me about rainbow bridges and how we 'll all meet up one day . If you believe that shit , keep it to yourself . I know that 's going to offend many believers , but man , as an atheist , hearing that crap when you 're grieving is so offensive . Laura , I always find writing emails for comforting people when somebody has died somehow hard and stressful but at least I know what to write , usually something like \" I am so sorry this has happened . Though it 's biological , it 's so shitty . Hopefully you will soon feel somehow better again . I hope you have a lot of support and I wish you a lot of strength and all the best ! \" I would hate it most if people say something like \" Oh , God made them go home , so do n't say anything against it , it was God 's will \" or something - ugh ! ! ! Fundamentalist crap ! There is a tendency to think that what we see in the present moment will continue . We forget how often we have been astonished by the sudden crumbling of institutions , by extraordinary changes in people 's thoughts , by unexpected eruptions of rebellion against tyrannies , by the quick collapse of systems of power that seemed invincible . Howard Zinn "}
{"url": "https://research-repository.st-andrews.ac.uk/handle/10023/1631", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701157443.43/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193917-00273-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Simply Fabulous Free and Under L$75 Finds in Second Life - Since 2007 . Tag Archives : analog dog . Hi there FabFree ! You might be wondering why I am thoughtfully gazing out the window as if to be longing for someone who has gone away ... . Fear not ! For I have only strategically placed myself to show off the sexy ribbon tied back of this blouse made by The Bubblegum Tree ! You can actually find the entire outfit including the mesh black pants and blouse for just 10L in The Bubble Gum Tree Marketplace Store . There is no longing or gazing going on over here ! I have linked you directly to the brown lace version that I am wearing , but there are several prints / colours available at the same low price so check out the whole store :) . Happy Sunday Fabulouses ! I have some really big news for our lady readers . I can hardly believe it is true myself :) . Beautiful Dirty Rich has put out a very very generous Xmas Group Gift of a 1000L instore credit ! If you are not familiar with Beautiful Dirty Rich , their outfit packs are usually complete and totally affordable like the \" It 's Getting Cold Outside \" outfit I am wearing today . It includes the jeans , boots , shirt and sweater all for 200L. It even comes with multiple texture change options and appliers to boot ! You know what that means ? You 'll have 800L more instore credit to spend even after you score this packed outfit ! Want to know more good news ? It 's free to join - so this is a no strings gift ! Get your comfy shoes on , you are going to be there a while ! Hi there Fabulouses ! In addition to the three hairstyles found in the ball that I have previously posted about - there are four more new free hair balls in the same area containing full fatpacks of colours ! ! I always gravitate to the dark blonde packs , but if you happen to prefer a different colour ... I bet it 's in there ! # 1 - Shown Above - Joan . Such a busy and fun time of year :) . Gizza just put out a great jacket and cardigan combo as a free group Christmas gift for both ladies and men . Green is also included in this gift if you prefer green over red . This group is free to join and there are several previous gifts to pick up if you missed them over the last year . These very festive Comet Antlers can be found as a free group gift at Vinyl , which is also a free to join group ! I better get back to preparations ... Hope you are all enjoying the season ! Love is wearing ... . It really is time to go ... Go to ! gO , that is , and GO fast because today only inworld group members can pick up the Day 18 Advent Gift that contains the gorgeous mesh skirt and jacket you see me wearing in my photo today . This group is 50L to join as I have previously mentioned , showing other advent prizes recently and there are gifts every day for guys and girls until Christmas ! Hmmm ... now I am all dressed up with no where to go . I was doing a little writing for FabFree last night , when someone dropped off a package at the door . You know I could n't help but give it a little shake ! I never did figure out what was inside ... but I sure tried ! It was one of those \" Wait to Open \" kind of things ! But this fun pose is one you do n't have to wait to open ... thank goodness ! I picked it up from the Eternal Dream Poses advent Calendar for just 10L. If you are in the group its FREE ( you can also join the group for 200L and then all 24 advent gifts will be yours FREE as well as many future gifts and offers ! ) Once I was done trying to trying to have a premature peek into my giftie , I remembered that I had some fashion finds to share with you . I stopped by Christmas on 34th Street earlier this week and found four piles of presents under four different trees ( look in the four corners of the sim ! ) and put together my usual mix and match look ! My go to full get together evening starts out with this classically lined suit by [ LaVian&Co ] called RedLabel Under the Boardwalk . I love the wide belt and striped lapels . It came in all the standard sizes as well as fitted mesh ... and if you look in the picture below you will see that you can also take the jacket off because it includes a stunning Maitreya applier top in black for additional versatility . Can you believe all this was only 10L as a great gift under one of those trees ? Score ! My luscious jewelry was another 10L score by Beloved Jewelry . This Mishka Set would be perfect under any gal 's tree ! The detailing is fabulous on the necklace and earrings and better yet ? Color change ! Yes ! Can you believe it ? And again , for just 10L ! I was n't done with my gifts yet though . I also picked up this sexy updo by Analog Dog Hair called Enja . It comes in two parts with the bun on top and the curls around the face that fall over the shoulder just so . For 10L you are getting a full fat pack ... that 's hard to beat ! And this sexy style is perfect for day or night either one ! I knew I needed something for my feet , so I snatched up these stylish White Satin Stilettos for Slink feet by Lowen , another 10L find under one of those Christmas trees . My pose in this picture is yet another Eternal Dream Poses advent giftie ! Yours again for just 10L or FREE with your 200L group join . ( Plus I needed some hot cocoa after all that gift snooping ! ) Had you noticed how in my first picture the top under my jacket was white ? I just love it when I can mix and match ! Though the [ LaVian&Co ] suit comes with a gorgeous black undertop ( shown in my second picture ) I also nabbed this trio of lingerie by Blacklace from under one of the trees . For just 10L you get all three colors in the gift box and I found that the white looked especially nice under the Black and white suit . My pose in the picture above was another 10L gift you can find under one of the trees . Snatch up this sexy set of stands by oOo Studio called Winterkiss . The box includes three poses for Second Life photographers . So , I packed a lot into that post ! But I hope you found something you liked . I 'm going to get back to the hot cocoa and snuggle up with some blankets by the fire ! Astrid ( Portia Swords ) is wearing ... . So after the impromptu snowball fight the other day , I bet Love thought she 'd got me showing up with a Rudolph nose and antlers for the photos of the Christmas group gift from Agapee . Really , she just looks darn adorable and the photos are great . There is so much emphasis on family around the holidays that it 's good to focus on friendships too . Friends are often every bit as important as family . These adorable dresses from Agapee were a perfect opportunity for us to dress up and take some photos . Sure , matching outfits may be a little silly , but who cares , that 's half the fun ! The dress is fully mesh , including the arm - warmers , and there is a color change hud to change the shirt and skirt separately . Additionally the dress comes in several size / fit options for the perfect fit . The Agapee group is FREE to join and the gift is FREE with your group tag . This dress would be perfect for a holiday outing with friends , or a casual date ! Speaking of the cute glowing red nose and matching antlers Love has on , they are a recent subscribo gift from Hopscotch . You can get this cute holiday accessory for FREE just by heading over to Hopscotch and joining their subscriber . It really is cute and is perfect for adding some holiday fun to punch up your outfit and your photos . Additionally , I stopped back by the White Elephant Fair for this pretty manicure set with matching rings from ZOZ . The whole love of nail polish is just part of my obsession with makeup ! It spans both real life and Second Life . So that you can get a better look at the gift , I included a copy of the ad photo below . You 'll find this gift from ZOZ under the big Christmas tree at the White Elephant Fair for just 1 linden . Included in this pretty present are nail appliers for Maitreya , Slink , and Belleza nails , and a right and left version of the ring . Love is wearing : . I stopped by the North Pole to see Santa but Rudolf left me holding the Ball ! It was well worth it though , as I have some tips for you on great gifties ! My fun festive gown is the holiday gift at Glitteri by Sapphire ! It is FREE with your group tag and the group is only 100L to join . The gown includes both system layers as well as all the important body appliers such as Belleza , Maitreya , Omega , Slink , and TMP , and even a pair of cute feather and bell earrings ! The fee is well worth it , as there are lots of past group gifts to pick up , and the gifts are plentiful and frequent ! My fun hair is today 's FREE advent gift if you make your way to the Kittycats advent calendar . Maybe Rudolf will give you a sleigh ride that direction ? Maybe ! It is courtesy of Analog Dog Hair and called Sardine . It comes with detachable bangs and in blondes , reds , and browns ( all with tintable huds so you can get it just about any color you want ! ) My super cute pose is also an advent giftie ! If you sleigh ride you way over to Eternal Dream Poses , my pose ( with the adorable red holiday ball too ! ) is yours for just 10L or FREE if you are a member of the Eternal Dream Poses group . The group is 200L to join but there will be 24 advent gifts total , with other group gifts throughout the year later of course ! Well I 'm off to decorate ! And maybe warm up . My nose is nearly as red as Rudolf 's from this cold . I think hot cocoa is in order ! :D . Hey there Fabulous Readers ! It 's not very often I come across a fabulous pair of boots as a free group gift , but I did just that last night at Agapee ! I love these boots so much , I want to wear them inside ! You can join the Agapee inworld group for free and pick up the Lily Boots in the tartan print shown . It was just what I needed to go with my new Aphorism Trench Coat ( available for sale , featured at The Liaison Collaborative in several colours ! ) I also have news of some free hair you 'll want to know about ! Analog Dog has put out a new free bubble ( just priced at 0L ) on their beach area past the sale section that has the three hairstyles shown below with dark blonde and light red colour HUDS . A. Gemma - A sassy curly medium length style with a ton of bounce . B. Theresa - A wavy medium length style with shoulder attachement so it does n't go through your shoulders as you move . C. Damage Control - A super cool , extra long - falling apart inside out French braid . You really can never go wrong by taking a jaunt over to Analog dog to check out the latest offerings in the FREE Ball at the back of the sim . Currently Style 1 and 2 in the pictures above are offers . Style 1 ( Bangers ) and 2 ( Lolly ) are real lookers . Though one says blondes and one says light reds , I discovered that the hud included a tinting option that let me tint the hair literally any color I wanted and I managed to get both hairs to the rich chocolate shade you see in the picture . Style 3 is the current FREE group Gift at Dura called Valentine with your FREE group join and is also a fatpack of colors as well ! Mina Hair is always classic for any occasion . I love the realistic textures and the unique designs . These two gifts - styles 4 ( Ilse ) and 5 ( Tristan , which is also unisex and comes in 4 styles in the box ) above are current in - store group gifts FREE with your 200L group join fee . They both are full fat packs . Do n't let the fee deter you . Mina offers regular group gifts , special offers , and discounts to VIPS to make up for the fee . Need something elegant ? Just not in the casual mood ? [ Entwined ] is your one stop shop ! Above in the picture you can see that styles 6 , 7 , and 8 are fantastic for any classic elegant look ( though style 6 - called Anna - is on the fence - it would be great for casual wear too ) . Style 7 is called Holly , and style 8 is called Elinna and these great hair gifts are yours FREE at [ Entwined ] when you join the group for FREE and pick them up in world at the store and they all come in full color pack huds ! We 'll finish up with do 9 and 10 . You 're going to pick up number 10 - called Ivy - while at [ Entwined ] . It 's another elegant style there FREE with your FREE group join . Well that 's it for me . I 'm out of hair for now . I mean , I 'm out of here for now . You get the picture ! Categories . Flickr Photos . Blog Stats . Archives . \u00a9 Fabulously Free in SL , 2007 - 2015 . Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from the author and owner is strictly prohibited . Excerpts and links may be used , provided that full and clear credit is given to the FabFree author and Fabulously Free in SL with appropriate and specific direction to the original content . Disclaimer . Second Life \u00ae and Linden Lab \u00ae are trademarks or registered trademarks of Linden Research , Inc. All rights reserved . No infringement is intended . "}
{"url": "https://www.behance.net/gallery/Triodos-Bank/1356013", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148428.26/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00084-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "\" If / Then \" : A Review of the Broadway - Bound Musical About City Planning . I wondered that after recently reading that the storyline of an upcoming musical whose plot revolves around a 40-ish city planner moving to New York . Clearly a musical needs a larger audience than 40-something women with city planning degrees , but as the bulls - eye of their target demographic , I felt a certain obligation to go see it . I settled in my seat for If / Then , which opened November 5 at Washington 's National Theater , with both anticipation and trepidation . By intermission , though , I could n't stop babbling about how much I loved it . The heroine , played by Idina Menzel , got a PhD in city planning , married a grad school classmate , and moved to Phoenix . In her late 30s , unfulfilled in her career , in a loveless marriage , childless , she leaves that life behind to return to New York . Yes , you read that right : The main character of a Broadway - bound musical has a PhD in city planning . Both lives bring joys and sorrows ; neither is entirely satisfactory . City planning , on the other hand , was presented as unequivocally inspiring . Liz / Beth duets with her former classmate , a politically savvy striver who is now the planning director , about their desire to shape the city , lay out the grid , and build a place for people to live to their fullest . The supporting cast emerges , dressed as everything from executives to delivery men , singing about how the memorable moments of their lives took place at this park , this intersection , this building . Maybe I was the only one in the theater getting a little choked up , but that scene captured the reason why planners choose this field - shaping the places where people live . In a later scene , Liz / Beth asks her assistant how she got interested in planning . She replies that she was blown away by Buenos Aires ' Plaza del Mayo on a high school field trip and wanted to learn how to build such a beautiful place . Sure , planners get bogged down in environmental impact studies and traffic data , just like Liz / Beth . But when I served on the admissions committee for UC - Berkeley 's city planning program , I read many essays just like that from idealistic young people wanting to learn how to build wonderful places . There were some awkward moments when I burst out laughing only to realize everyone around me was silent . Does n't everyone think the line , \" Teaching city planning in Phoenix is like teaching breathing on the moon , \" is hysterical ? What about , \" They should never loan $ 150,000 to an urban studies major \" ? Or an exchange where one character suggests , \" You 'll be happier in Albany , \" and another responds , \" Nobody 's happier in Albany . \" The entire show is a valentine to New York . One main character is a radical activist , scraping by as a barista while he fights for affordable housing , then bonds with a romantic partner over backyard chickens . The large hollow cubes that comprise the set serve as tiny apartments , rooftop decks , and subway cars , while the mirror above the stage reflects both transit lines and trees . Characters bicycle across stage , and the chance meeting between Liz / Beth and her love interest happens in a park . While I disliked the show 's suggestion that a woman can have a successful career or marriage and family - but not both - Liz / Beth 's struggles as an ambitious professional woman ring true . And I savored the story of a woman whose dream is not to be a movie star or a mother , but to bring a waterfront back to life , complete with affordable housing . Liisa Ecola has a master of city planning degree from UC - Berkeley ; she works in transportation research . If / Then is playing at the National Theater in Washington , DC through December 8 . Warning women that if they pursue careers , they will have to sacrifice love is a tired , outdated cliche . This is 2013 , not 1923 . Alison . I do n't think she had to choose marriage over a career since at the end when she 's still Beth she finds Josh again . It was simply a different path to love . Kay . As a retired female City Planning Director , I can say my career was never boring ! But it is amazing someone could make a musical out of a job that no one understands or really cares about very much . Bored . Are you kidding ? I am a devout theater buff and I was present on \" opening night \" of this show . In short , it was a RENT wanna - be . There was the \" homeless , squatter , activist \" played by the actor , Anthony Rapp , who originated the prototype character from RENT . There was the bi - racial , lesbian couple with the white , philandering partner and the break - up song . I am not a pride and my theater companion and I have used our fair share of curse words , but the show 's humor depends on the \" F \" word . Not amusing ! The show is called \" If / Then \" and the finale song that seems to get the blindly devoted Idina Menzel fans screaming like they are watching Elvis or some random boy - band is titled : \" What if ? \" Confused ? I was ! And I 'm not dummy . I was tired of guessing if the flickering lights were an effect or my cue to know that I 'm watching Beth / Liz in her parallel life . And , then there was the plane crash over the Atlantic Ocean at the beginning of Act Two - that Liz or Beth - I forget which - survived without a scratch . Finally , the heart - throb blond boyfriend enters twice in the show with U.S. Military costumes on . They were a mix of Navy , Army and perhaps even Air Force . Get it right ! Especially , if you are trying out in Washington , D.C. For crying out loud , this is the home of the Pentagon and the costumer decides to mix and match . You lost me and I 'm not going to go to NYC to find out if they improved the show . Bored as well . Not impressed with this play at all . Boring and the music was Ho / Hum . Bored As Well . I totally agree with Bored ! We debated at intermission if we should stay or leave . Yes , Idina has a fabulous voice as do most of the performers but this one really misses the mark of a Tony award winning show . I grew weary of the F word being used more than necessary . Reggie Herold . Absolutely loved it . I would argue with your last point , though - Liz / Beth both find love and succeed professionally by the end of the show , the core difference is in who took the initiative in their personal lives . Liz represents Elizabeth taking a leap of faith , adopting a new nickname and defying the logic that had kept her grounded her entire life ( defying proverbial gravity ) . She ends up experiencing life more fully , its highest highs and its lowest lows . Beth represents Elizabeth moving to New York but ultimately resisting any other significant change , keeping her old nickname and her old friends . Even her choice of which friend to go with at the beginning illustrates this - Kate is the outgoing and fun risk - taker , while Lucas is the aging hippy who ca n't let go of the grudges and ideals that he picked up in college . It was a great show , and I ca n't wait for it to open in New York . And to those of you whose main complaint was the usage of the word fuck - this is 2013 , children . Grow up . Reggie Herold . I love that having an activist , a bi - racial lesbian couple and a break up song makes it a RENT wannabe . For a devout theater buff , you ca n't have seen much new material in the last twenty years . George Smith . Saw the show last night , and I think they have a lot of work to do before Broadway . Elizabeth is not a likable character , especially in the first half . The whole concept with Lucas being bi - sexual , was just strange . Only two or three song are memorable . The cast as a whole was great , but the story is just bad . Alan . Oh dear the F word ? What 's next , bared midriffs ? DCN2NFan . I saw this last night too , and I never realized that the lights were the cue as to who 's story we are currently following . I felt like I needed a timeline for each character just to follow what was happening . The cast is brilliant , but they are doing the best with what they have to work with , which is n't much . The whole premise of \" every little decision we make changes our life 's trajectory \" just is n't the basis for a 3 hour show . Just my 2 cents . lovetheater . It took me half way through the first act to follow the Liz / Beth thing . And I also did not clue in to the use of different colored lights . It was not all that obvious . The first half of the play seems disconnected from the second half . I felt no emotional connection to the characters until the second half of the play . They were flat in the first half , more like caricatures . Only in the second half did I begin to care what happened to the characters . All the \" types \" are in this play , and again they seem like caricatures or trite stereotypes rather than real people . The end was supposed to leave you thinking that Beth could have it all , that she 'd \" get the guy . \" But a military , Republican guy from Nebraska would not be attracted to a career - centric , driven , woman who helped break up her boss 's marriage ; nor would she want him . Just not plausible . Idina Menzel , as usual was phenomenal ; she is a fabulous singer and actress and she carries the show . I also liked James Snyder . Absent these performers the play could not stand on its own and needs some rewrites , mainly to somehow connect the two halves of the show and bring the characters to life . For this show to work , you have to care about the characters . Whatthe-- ! Saw this last night with 3 friends . Reminded us of ALW 's \" Aspects of Love \" , a truly forgettable play I 'm am certain he wishes he never put his name on . I think a 6th grader write the lyrics to all of the songs in If / Then . The music was awful . Not forgettable - awful . Screaming dies not constitute singing . I wanted to poke my eardrums out , listening to such worn out songs about , my new baby ! How unoriginal . If this make it to Broadway , then Broadway is doomed . Can I get my money back ? fischy . It 's a curious play - jarring differences between the two acts ... one filled with dancing and light fun and the other with more intimate drama . It needs some work , but I dug the urban planning stuff . I had few problems following the two story lines ( though I did have to keep reminding myself which characters were at what point in each ) , but it might work better if they were n't presented simultaneously and done instead as separate acts . Oiy Vey . We , our party of five in orchestra ( near rear ) seats , walked out at intermission . Of greater allure was spending more time enjoying a delicious birthday dinner at the Occidental . Best thing in Act 1 was the subway guy walking through the car . An expensive reminder to read a review before plunking down all that money for a preview . You missed the best song of the whole show , not to mention your chance to see a living legend show us all why she won that Tony Award . The penultimate song in the 2nd act was Idina 's moment , and it alone was worth the price of the ticket . Jave . And in 2013 , many of us still do n't want or need to hear disgusting , filthy language . If you consider that \" grown up \" , then I feel sorry for you . Jessica . We walked out at intermission . This will not make it on Broadway . Being kept in the dark is not Organic . I have never had a playbill tell you nothing . That should have been the first clue that \" nothing \" was also what we would see on stage . I do not blame the actors . But one women , no matter how talented she is , can not be the whole show . The background actors . . . do you really need them ? Not in this show . Maybe they should try puppets . Disappointed . We saw this last night and left at intermission . I was very disappointed . Idina 's voice was phenomenal but she just could n't carry all that is wrong with the show . I had no idea about the two different colored lights representing the two story lines . This will not make it on Broadway in its current state . It just was confusing and there were n't any \" hold your breath \" moments . I kept looking around to see if others were as unimpressed as we were - seems the answer was yes . Confused . Saw it last night . Cast is great , staging well done , plot / characters interesting , but I am /was confused ? I would like to see it again having read that the lighting was the clue . Not sure that information would square it away but might help . Loved several of the songs Agreed too much gratuitous F - ck use . Good for a bit but if , you are beyond junior high , too much ! Loved the charcters . Actors were great ! Plot lines too unclear . My wife loved the second act as did most of the audience . I 've seen a number of pre - broadway Washington shows that did n't make it . I think this need a lot more clarity to carry the day . Disappointed . We left at intermission . It was a rude coarse show , hard to follow , and trashy . Music while okay ... left a lot to be desired . Staging was interesting . Female lead singer had a bit of a screechy voice . What a waste of money . Recently Posted Jobs . Word On The Street . \" Beyond that , \" Level of Service\"-based evaluations of road and highway projects would tout billions of dollars in time savings if they took 90 seconds off every car trip in a certain corridor ( no matter how long ) . \" Archived Articles . "}
{"url": "http://frozenroyalty.net/2012/11/13/could-la-kings-2012-first-round-pick-tanner-pearson-be-better-than-advertised/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701158481.37/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193918-00189-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Armchair speculation says she 's likely over budget and certainly behind schedule . I think it 's safe to say things are a mess . Many of us alternative transportation . nerds . debacle since the beginning . A mere $ 2.8B to move some cars at roughly the same speed and efficiency as if we tore down the doomed Alaska Way Viaduct and did nothing ? \" Sure that sounds like a great investment ( air quotes over the great ) , \" was my reaction all along . Nobody official wants to speak publicly about the growing quagmire , probably because the State and the contractor , Seattle Tunnel Partners , are busy lining up their litigation teams for the lawsuit(s ) of the century . Meanwhile the same state leaders glady supporting the motor - vehicle - only tunnel also think that investing in bike and transit infrastructure is too expensive and/or too socialist . Right .... . As much as I 'd like to see how a liberal Tim Eyeman -style effort would play out in Ephrata , we 're instead going to join the moral - high ground freshly shoveled in by Tom over at the Seattle Bike Blog . In a post Thursday morning entitled \" We can do better things with our new downtown tunnel , \" he 's calling for a positive spin to install on our sinking Titantic . One of our favorite bikers in Seattle has become a family biker and he now has a new blog . And I must say , he 's on fire . Davey is single - handedly putting us old and lazy bloggers to shame . I love his writing and his playful humor , be sure to start at the beginning . We always enjoy running into Davey on the road . He takes the time to stop , say hello , chat for a bit and share funny stories . I leave these impromptu meet - ups with a smile on my face and just a little more hope for humanity . Davey is good people . Walk . Bike . Schools ! is a blog , meeting ( 7 pm Thursday @ Bryant Elementary library ) and ( hopefully ) a movement to support and encourage parents and kids walking and biking to school . But we know things could be so much better if we could tap into the collective intelligence of other bike and walk programs in our city and learn what as worked ( and not worked ) elsewhere . ( edit : I 've been told that a shared definition of a Neighborhood Greenway would be helpful for some readers . We 're working toward our \" ideal vision \" but in the meantime check out the \" What is a neighborhood Greenway \" section in this post by Sally Bagshaw for the basics . -Tim ) . The Carfreedays family is jumping into the hotbed of Seattle Greenways grass - roots activism and joining up with our neighbors in NE Seattle on the NE Greenways project ! Greenways fit with the kind of riding we do ( parent and kid - powered transportation ) , and c0uld really be the key resource for making it safer and easier for kids all over this city to skip the minivan and ride bikes or walk to school ! We do n't claim to be Greenways experts but we have some strong feelings , nonetheless . We 've been riding around Seattle for longer than we 'd like to admit . We know this city pretty well . We know the terrain and the people and the baggage that comes with both . And we 've been avidly riding the streets of PDX on visits for the past five years or so . We are n't Stumptown natives by any stretch , but we have more than a passing familiarity of what it feels like to ride the Green Streets of our fair neighbor . What , you have n't been to an afterparty since before you had the kids ? As many of you know , Val Kleitz was a driving force for the Seattle holiday cargo bike rides . For us , he was the spirit of cargo bikes in general . So it 's quite fitting that this year 's Labor Day cargo ride is honoring Val as a memorial ride . The Labor Day ride traditionally runs ( very roughly ) from 20/20 Cycle on Union St. to Cowen Park in Ravenna . Plan on a slow , cargo - and - kid - friendly pace . Make sure you carry enough in the way of food , beverages , and picnic supplies . Just in case ! We 're hoping to see a lot local riders and family cyclists showing support for Val 's memory , as well as enjoying some transportation cycling on a lovely day . As always , a cargo bike is Not Required ( If you are hauling yourself , you 're hauling a load ! ) So come on out and join the pallet . Details : Meet at 20/20 cycles ( 2020 East Union ) noon Monday . The Pallet leaves at 1:00 and should take about 90 minutes to arrive at the Cowen / Ravenna park picnic shelter . Later Monday night is a wake for Val at Pike Brewery . Four years already ? Seems like just yesterday , we were planning our first event . Tim and I love planning Bike to School month : it 's become a much - anticipated spring tradition at our kids ' elementary school . We share the planning and execution with our friends and fellow family riders , Clint and Leslie . Each of us brings the perfect mix of enthusiasm , mellowness , last - minute surprises and creativity that makes the event a super fun spring tradition at our school . And this year we 've recruited some new bike riding parents who will hopefully carry on the Bike to School month tradition long after our kids \" graduate \" from elementary school . Flickr Photos . The fine print . Car Free Days is provided \" AS IS \" with no warranties , expressed or implied . Riding your bike is serious stuff . Riding with kids even more so ( but always better than riding in a car ) . Obtain proper training , use a helmet , ride smart , have fun , wear clean underpants when appropriate ( but not under cycling shorts ! ) , laugh a lot , and whenever possible , stay out of cars . We LOVE to share our work , but the number of commercial sites using our photos ( of our kids ! ) without permission , and/or non - commercial sites not following Creative Commons use and attribution terms is getting out of hand . Seriously , just ask . We 're happy to help . Tired Old Posts ( but check'em out ! ) Tired Old Posts ( but check'em out ! ) Car - free Categories . "}
{"url": "https://www.behance.net/gallery/Figment/6462055", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701146196.88/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193906-00249-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Governors Island to Serve as Testing Ground for NYC Bike - Share . Visitors to Governors Island will get to ride these bikes for free on Fridays this summer . Last December Streetsblog noted that a new park planned for Governors Island would include a bike - share fleet , scheduled to debut in 2012 . Turns out the wait for free bikes will be a lot shorter . Starting this week , 250 bikes at the island 's rental outfit , Bike and Roll , will be available to visitors at no charge on Fridays , thanks to sponsorship from Transportation Alternatives . While it may not measure up to V\u00e9lib , \" Free Bike Fridays \" is vying with a new NYU student program for the distinction of launching New York 's first bike - share . The Governors Island initiative may also have a lasting impact on the rest of the city . According to a press release , the results will be watched intently by DOT : . \" Spaces like Governors Island serve as great training areas for the next generation of New York City cyclists , \" said City Transportation Commissioner Janette Sadik - Khan . \" This summer the Island will also serve as a great testing ground -- we 'll be evaluating the bike share program to see if it is something that may be successful in other parts of the city . \" But what are these ? Single speed coaster brake cruisers ? That 's may be ok on Gov Island , but hardly a good way to introduce biking . Why not a sturdy 3-speed hub with normal brakes like the French have done ? gecko . These look like the 87 $ huffy walmart special . Do n't think that s the right attitude to take with a bike sharing program . In Paris they went upscale , which I think makes it more popular , and people respect the bikes more . I also agree that doing it on Gov Island is a bit of a cop out . They need to be in the city and visible to both motorists and pedestrians as the much more efficient , convenient , and cheap alternative form of Transportation . JRV . What 's actually being demonstrated here ? Renting designer bikes to tourists on car - free Governor 's Island will be popular . So what ? How is this practically different than the bike rental that 's been in Central Park since forever ? This is hype . Angus Grieve - Smith . You missed the best part of the press release : . Bike and Roll \u2122 will also rent four - person bike surreys . As soon as my back heals , I am so rounding up three friends to head over there ! Oh , glad they spent money on the important stuff - like registering the trademark Bike and Roll ! @JRV - This is n't bike renting , nor are these designer bikes , it 's bike - sharing . Bike Rentals are for tourists looking to visit and take a ride . Bike - sharing is for regular use within a city by residents of that city , as an alternate form of transportation . As a Washingtonian , I would love to see a bike share program so that I could use a bike when up in NYC . ( Of course , we 're still waiting for the program here to actually start - first March , then April , May , now June . ) AM . @evbart - You might want to verify the 400,000 parking space reduction . I think that was an April Fool 's posting ! JRV . \" Bike - sharing is for regular use within a city by residents of that city , as an alternate form of transportation . \" Exactly , that 's why this is not a \" bike share \" and is a tourist rental . Governor 's Island is not \" within a city . \" It 's an island off the street grid with limited access via ferry . It has no industry , a handful of residents and a bunch of people employed figuring out what to do with it and how to keep it from falling apart . This is glorified bike rental for tourists ( local or foreign ) visiting the island - a very small car - free island that used to be a haven for people to stroll around , unmolested by people on wheels . To even mention Velibe in the same breath is laughable . Velibe is public mass transit in the heart of a major city . This is tourist bike rental . It is has no utilitarian purpose and will replace walking trips only , since there are no cars or buses or anything else except lawnmowers . Jan . Will anything ever satisfy ? Jeez . Stacy . These bikes bear a strange resemblance to the free bikes given away by Amstel Light Beer last month . Somehow I wonder if maybe , like Amstel , they 're not expecting too many of these bikes to get returned . Josh . \" Somehow I wonder if maybe , like Amstel , they 're not expecting too many of these bikes to get returned . \" Are people going to smuggle them off Governor 's Island on the ferry under their clothes or something ? Stacy . \" Are people going to smuggle them off Governor 's Island on the ferry under their clothes or something ? \" Is that a challenge ? JRV . Satisfaction ? Turn down the hype and just call things what they are . A bike rental kiosk on Governor 's Island is a perfectly nice idea . Margo . I wonder how this will compare to the NYU bike share ... . C$ . Why is everyone hatin ? This is a good thing people . Even \" Huffy - like - bikes \" will start to change the not- in - my - city bike culture . gecko . Perrrrfectly nice indeed ! We ( GIPEC)actually went back and forth about \" bike share \" ourselves quite a bit . Our goal is simply this : get people on bikes for free . Part of our strategy to bring Governors Island back to life is to get people out here to experience the Island right now . Since biking is one of the best ways to see Governors Island , we wanted to make sure that everyone has the chance to enjoy biking our car - free roads and see the amazing views . Also , we see Free Bike Fridays as a step toward the vision of free bikes for all in Governors Island 's future park and Great Promenade . We know that this is n't Velib , but we doubted many people had ever heard of the witfiets of Hogue Veluwe , which is the bike share program we hope to model ourselves on in the future . I actually met with JC Decaux in Paris last year when we were looking at all the ways to get the public on bikes for free and got a full tour of Velib . We decided that a low - tech approach was better for us right now , and we 're excited that Transportation Alternatives is making this happen for free on Fridays and that Bike and Roll is renting on the other days . I hope you get a chance to come out and see for yourselves . Recent Comments . Hot Topics . Archived Articles . Categories . Ruben Diaz Sr . "}
{"url": "http://cowbell.typepad.com/forty_deuce/2011/08/required-reading.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701153998.27/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193913-00054-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "When I signed up to be part of the Mother Talk book tour , I was excited . I love reading books . I love reviewing books . I could n't imagine this undertaking being anything other than a bookworm - y good time where I got to metaphorically lounge in a bathtub full of novels . I can not think of another book that is so vital for every mother who has ever struggled with depression to read . I 'm not sure what I expected . Another book on post - partum depression , I suppose . Hey , I had post - partum depression . Twice ! I could read about it , and maybe have a few unpleasant memories of my own experience , and move on with my day ( and my life ) unchanged . Little did I expect to to find my vision tunnelling as early as page 2 . Page 2 . There is no \" easing into it \" with this book : . Depression is a fire in the brain that , once ignited , is hard to extinguish . It develops its own rhythm of flare - ups and remissions ; for many of us , it becomes a chronic , lifelong condition . Motherhood is another lifelong condition : once a mother , always a mother . Which makes it strange the term maternal depression is commonly taken to mean depression in women who have recently given birth - as if depression and motherhood could coexist only during those first few months . So what is maternal depression - simply Depression + Motherhood ? No . It 's what happens when a mother 's depression reaches out to ensnare her child . It 's depression created or exacerbated by stresses common to motherhood , and - most important - it can be transmitted from mother to child via learned behavior , environment , genetics , or any combination of the three . Oh . Oh oh oh . Hello , book about my deepest , darkest fears which are even now coming true around me ! Thank you so much for stopping by ! Can I offer you a rusty blade ? Some arsenic ? I come from a family with a history of depression . I had post - partum depression . I also suffered recurrent episodes of major depression before I became a mom , and have struggled with dysthymia ( for the blessedly uninitiated , that 's depression - lite ) since . If I could be granted one wish for my children 's future beyond the usual healthy , happy , etc . , it would be that they would never know depression . My daughter went on anti - depressants for the first time when she was five . I struggled then - and occasionally still do - with the pull between my own guilt / grief therein and the knowledge that at least she was getting the help she needed . \" But it 's my fault , \" a small voice whispers on the dark days . \" I gave this to her . \" Thompson knows my story because it is her story , because it is the story of countless other women who shared with her as she was writing this book . I found myself chuckling , even through the pain of reading , because she even knows my hubris . Like me , Thompson dealt with depression prior to motherhood , then figured she was well - equipped to deal with whatever form it might present itself in , after the baby : . \" Your life is about to change , \" people told me before Rebecca was born , but they were wrong : our lives were about to disappear . For most people , the arrival of the first baby is a period of joyful chaos . For David and me , it meant that virtually everything I had learned up to then about dealing with depression was now either inadequate or useless . While motherhood is a humbling experience for every woman , motherhood for the depression sufferer who \" had it under control \" can be one very long lesson in how deluded you were , pal . And oh , by the way ? Please , sir , may I have another ? There might be a higher chance that our child would develop a mood disorder , but - barring some miracle cure - there was a 100 percent chance that I would be a mother with one . Years before we would be able to get the first inkling of whether any child of ours showed signs of developing a mood disorder , that child would have to live with the fallout of mine . We were like smokers calculating the risk that our offspring might one day take up cigarettes , never factoring in the effects of years spent breathing polluted household air . So then I had to curl up in the corner and sob for a while , and then kiss and hug my kids a bunch , and after a while I was able to go finish the book . ( I 'm kidding . I skipped the sobbing in the corner thing . ) Not all of the news is bad , though . In the chapter \" Rats , Monkeys , and Mothers , \" Thompson explores the research on the interaction of genetics and environment . The not - so - great news , of course , is that a depressed mother is much more likely to \" activate \" depression in her genetically - disposed children . The good news is that humans in general - and children in particular - are resilient . A rocky start is not a life sentence . Past mistakes are not the blueprint for the future . As Thompson puts it , \" Human resilience is like a weed : give it half a chance , and it will grow . \" This leads logically into the next chapter , \" Do n't Look Now , but Your Kids Are Stealing Your Coping Skills . \" Thompson 's poignant description of her daughter 's struggles and diagnosis could easily be my story with Chickadee . What is an amorphous \" I want to do my best by my kids \" turns into a pointed \" I need to model how to cope effectively \" when your child also struggles with depression . And while I once found that a rather crushing responsibility , there is also a great joy in realizing that helping yourself is also the greatest mothering you can share with your children . The remainder of the book focuses on coping and how this struggle can make you a better mother . I 'll confess to heading into that last chapter with trepidation ; a better mother ? From this ? When I had wished a thousand times to be rid of the depression so that I could be a better mother ? But as I read through to the end , the points unfolded seamlessly , painting parallels with my own life . I think my grandmother was probably depressed . Not that anyone ever discussed such a thing in her time . I know that my mother was depressed , and she was able to get some help , eventually , and also made sure I got some help , starting when I was in my teens . As saddened as I was to see the cycle starting so early in my own daughter , she started getting help in kindergarten - something that would 've been unthinkable even in my generation . I am vigilant with her in a way I simply would n't be capable , if I had n't been through it , myself . Maybe it is making me a better mother . The Ghost in the House is at once deeply personal and research- and statistics- supported . The interweaving of these two approaches presents a complete , relatable picture . Thompson 's fearless sharing of her own experiences binds the tale together . By the end - having nodded , cried , and chuckled my way along the pages - I find myself coming back to the final sentence of the \" Motherhood \" chapter : . And in the struggle to take care of myself , to navigate that barbed - wire boundary between myself and others so that I can be the best person I can be , I find the courage to be imperfect . 21 Responses to \" Blog Book Tour : The Ghost in the House \" . This book sounds wonderful . I have had my own ups and downs of depression over the years , but since our daughter came along it is my husband who has been most strongly effected . Coming to terms with what it means to our family to have a vibrant fantastic new member and at the same time being the supportive team to help my husband through his treatment has been a daily challenge . I 'll be recommending this book to several of my mom friends that struggle with depression as well as my husband . Thanks . I 've struggled with some of those same issues ( although my current problem is anxiety , not so much depression . ) I 'm in therapy right now trying to get some better coping strategies in place , but this might be a good complement . Your review gave me chills . Beautifully written and you captured so much of this book ! I was fortunate to get a glimpse of the book as it made it 's journey toward publication . It is a difficult topic , yet an enjoyable read . I hope your review spurs mothers and others to get help if experiencing depression ( or symptoms)knowing they are valuable to themselves and their families , despite their \" imperfection \" . No one is perfect and these days pressure to be perfect is , at times , intense . Here 's to more books that give us the green light to seek the help we need when we need it ! You 've just described almost exactly the experience I had reading this book . ( Only way better than I could have , for sure . ) It was a hard book for me to read , mostly because of how Tracy puts into words that feeling of guilt for having passed my prone - to - depression - and - anxiety genes on to my kids . But god I 'm glad I did read the book , and so glad that we live in a time when so many smart , brave women - including you , Mir - write honestly about their experiences with motherhood and depression . Wow . Your post brought tears to my eyes . I struggle with some mild depression ( note to self : look up \" dysthymia \" after this ) , and plenty of anxiety , and unfortunately I am starting to notice the anxiety in my 10yo son - if not a smidgen of depression thrown in for good measure . I 'm pretty sure I inherited it from my own parents ( although my mother was great at concealing all of her negative emotions - to a fault , actually ) , and so I worry I am , in turn , giving this to my kids . This part made me cry : \" But it 's my fault , \" a small voice whispers on the dark days . \" I gave this to her . \" I must read this book - although like you , I know I will find it difficult . It may sit on my bookcase until I feel ready . Thank you so much for sharing your reactions and your personal connections with the reading ! Chalk me up as another mama with depression , pre and postpartum and whose overwhelming guilt becomes paralyzing when faced by the sentances you shared from the book . I WANT to read it but am terrified . Also , hats off to Lesley . We are ( generally ) all about pointing out the bad things . Those are completely our fault . But we never seek out the good things . And we never see ourselves as the cause of the good things . We chalk up good things to supernatural force or fate or something . \" It just happened . \" I 'm going to start hunting up some good things that are my fault . Thanks Lesley ! The thing about the coping skills is the punch - in - the - gut part that stood out for me . I just imagine my sweet son in 20 years , after failing a test or something ( he 'll be 23 then ) , ordering a big ass pizza and some Pepsi to make himself feel better . Oh . Meeeeeep . Meeeep ..... . I definitely will have to read this one . I 've been on depression meds since the birth of daugter # 3 ( and last one I might add ) four years ago . My mother has depression and my older brother is bipolar . I spend most of my nights hoping and praying that I or even worse my kids wo n't end up the way he has . Thank you so much for telling me about this book . I 'm going to B&N first thing in the AM . I appreciate the way you pointed out for us that maternal depression is n't a transitory thing during those first couple months . Motherhood is for life . And the ebb and flow of depression can be as well . I think it is wonderful that so many people are able to identify their own depression and anxiety nowadays . Sometimes what makes it harder is when our parents see it as a weakness . Am I the only one that struggles with that part ? It is hard to watch my little boy ( 13 months ) and think that maybe oneday he 'll feel those dark places that I hope so badly he wo n't have to . But you are all so right . Maybe me dealing with my own shaddows will teach him that it is okay to seek help in a positive way as well ( when / if he needs to ) . Thanks for sharing and encouraging the rest of us to dig deeper into our own selves . We love you , Mir . My family sounds like yours . My grandma , my mom ( and at least one of her siblings ) and I suffer from chronic depression . Of the ten grandkids , at least 5 of us also suffer . We 're also prone to addictions ( my brother suffers from the worse on both counts ) . For these reasons , I decided to adopt . I know that environment also plays a large role , but since the genetics seemed so prevelent , I really do n't want to risk it . But , it sounds like this is still a book I should read before I become a mom . It 's really incredible how many parents have struggled and suffered with depression - even us Dads . I worry SO much about \" infecting \" my Okapis , trying to protect them from my family and in some ways myself - while still trying to be there fully for them . It 's hard , if not impossible , and only recently have I begun to understand , I do n't need to change the future of my family in one big stroke . I just have to try to stop the really bad stuff and give my Okapis the chance I never had . For me that 's the meaning of the courage to be imperfect . Trackbacks / Pingbacks . [ ... ] Today 's stop on the blog tour finds us at WouldaCouldaShoulda , where the proprietress , Mir , writes another thoughtful , killer entry on The Ghost in the House . I first \" met \" Mir back in June of 2004 , which in Internet time is about 25 years ago , when I was the judge for the inaugural \" Blogging for Books \" contest . The subject was \" an act of compassion that changed your life , \" and the blogger with the best entry on the subject was to receive a copy of Mother Shock . There were several stand - out submissions , but the clear winner was the post submitted by someone who had only recently started blogging : Mir 's The Almighty Avocado . Since then , Mir has accumulated over two years ' worth of stellar posts and is a contributing editor for BlogHer . Her post today , like Jen 's yesterday , is also prize - worthy . She writes not only about the book , but her reaction to the book as a mother who battles depression . She finds it impossible to read the book without directly confronting her own experience and says : I can not think of another book that has been so difficult for me to read . I can not think of another book that has been so important for me to read . I can not think of another book that is so vital for every mother who has ever struggled with depression to read . [ ... ] . [ ... ] Posting for the Blog Tour today is Jenny at Three Kid Circus . ( I love her tagline : \" Helping other parents feel superior , one blog entry at a time . \" ) Jenny 's entry , like Jen 's and Mir 's , also threads her personal story into her take on the book . But unlike the other two bloggers thus far , Jenny has n't experienced depression , post - partum or otherwise . When you have n't experienced something first - hand , it can be difficult to understand what it 's like for those who have . But in this case , it 's fascinating to see things from the perspective of a reader who has n't been treated for or even suffered from depression . [ ... ] . Adtastic ! Woulda Coulda Search . Things I Might Once Have Said . Categories . Categories Select Category About Aspi(e)rations / AD(D)orations Books Detritus Dungeons & Dragons & Diabetes Forget talk ; walk the walk ! Friends Growing Have n't been hit by lightning yet ! Health is overrated I 'm dating the television Irreconcilable Differences It 's not a regret , it 's an \" experience \" Job ? Huh ? My name is Grumplestiltskin Offspring : ecstasy and agony Oh look ! Something furry ! ! Ottomatic For the People Retail Therapy The Year of Living Changerously Uncategorized What do I do all day ? Woohoo ! "}
{"url": "http://nopr.niscair.res.in/handle/123456789/5756", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701146600.56/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193906-00243-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Search : . Archives . --Select a Category-- Academia ALSC Announcement BOOK EVENTS What 's Liberal ? Sunday , May 08 , 2005 . Straight \" A\"s in Love . While I was writing about Paterson , academic friends asked me , \" What thesis do you want to prove ? \" I learned to answer , \" None . \" A thesis is expected to be \" cutting - edge , \" but I did n't want to cut anything . I wanted access to the longest circuit of books and ideas . I began to think that we might learn more about literature if we spent less time using literature to prove a point . [ ... ] If you read only what 's amenable to your theory , or embarrassing to someone else 's , you may be reading such a narrow range of literature that your theory is , basically , just representing itself - an obvious short circuit . You need to do more browsing in the stacks . [ ... ] I entered the library already knowing what to look for . And too often I was simply looking for a fight with someone else 's theory . That 's what my professional position encouraged me to do . But a walk through the neighborhood is generally more informative than a police report . These reflections led me to notice that although our job as teachers and writers is to represent books and authors in some way , nowhere in the MLA Job List does one find \" a wide acquaintance with literature \" stated as a qualification . Yet even Pound , blessed and cursed with a highly individual point of view , whispered to the shade of Walt Whitman , \" I have detested you long enough / ... Let there be commerce between us \" . Paterson would have liked the word commerce . People engage in commerce to find new pleasures , not to obliterate the strange and unpredictable sources of pleasure . I nod , smugly . ( And lately I need all the smugness I can get . ) Yes , I know this one . Academic practice is not precisely at one with either the practice of criticism or the practice of reading . Oversensitive , maybe , to that discrepancy , unlike my fellow Valvists , I never considered pursuing literature through the classroom . To be fair , though , neither is writing criticism precisely at one with pleasurable reading . Many books leave me with nothing to say but \" Give this a chance , \" just like normal folks do . Criticism is an individual 's response to an artifact , yes . It 's also part of a conversation between an individual and an artifact . And - here 's the rubbed - raw patch - it 's also part of a conversation between individuals . An educational institution must lay particular emphasis on that final aspect if it 's to avoid fraudulence . But the rules by which one joins a conversation - no interrupting ; engage the established context ; do n't mix diction levels - oppose the pleasures of the surprising artifact . We enthusiasts deservedly have a poor reputation in polite society . Rather than attempting to reform the academy , it may be wiser for the weary academic to borrow a concept from a different set of vilified maladepts and gafiate . ( But do n't expect relief in the corporate world . A similar ambiguity poisons \" commerce \" . ) Comments . So that 's the reason you never considered pursuing literature through the classroom ! Or do you give a different reason every couple of months ? Anyway , thanks for inviting the reformers to leave , Ray : they were getting on my nerves . Some desultory thoughts on your comment and how it relates to Cox 's project : . I wonder whether the \" engage the established context \" prescription is not responsible for some of the weak points in the middle of Cox 's essay , where he sets up strawman \" liberal imaginations . \" And then where does \" Intellectuals on the Left often visualize the Right as a unified alliance of material and intellectual interests \" come from ? Stop the presses : Whittaker Chambers hated Ayn Rand ! I note too that reading \" what 's amenable to your theory \" is not a criterion used exclusively by academics : probably most readers are drawn to work that presents a worldview ( inasmuch as literary works do that ) they can recognize and even sympathize with . It 's a pretty small step from there to focusing on works that jibe well with your theoretical / polemical professional agenda . You 've expressed an interest , Ray , in hearing my beef with Delany 's \" Politics of Paraliterary Criticism . \" I 'll point out , as a \" placeholder , \" that several of the authors the neglect of whose work Cox bemoans are singled out by Delany as those who were once stars and will never be canonical again , not having held up terribly well over time . From that perspective , Cox 's defense of Cabell , Benet , et al is simply a reflection of bad taste . To Cox , of course , the question , \" Is this author any good , or merely of importance to cultural history ? \" If we are , to paraphrase Anthony Boucher , not considering a cow in terms of its points as a cow but unjustly chiding it for being a poorly - made elephant when we slight Vachel Lindsay , how can we learn to do otherwise ? I agree that most aesthetic criticisms of academia could be leveled at other allegedly supportive institutions as well . Journalistic practice seems just as hostile to the production of pleasurable reading and writing . And certain approaches to religious or political practice play holy hell with stack maintenance , much less stack browsing . When I emphasize the strictly temporal nature of \" the canon \" or \" the literary mainstream \" , I suspect I often make the same insinuation you take Delany to task for - the argumentative triumph of \" And we do n't read any of them any more ! \" implies a different sort of triumph : \" And we 're better off for not reading them . \" But press me on particular cases and I 'll usually cave . Delany , as I remember , remains a champion of Merejkowski 's Romance of Leonardo Da Vinci among other examples of the once - high - mainstream . And one of the most interesting tasks of feminist scholarship has been to redirect attention to once successful and then more or less forcibly neglected writings by women . So far as I can recall , Ray , I 've never heard you \" make the same insinuation \" --indeed , that 's part of the strength of your disagreement with Delany on the utility of even talking about \" the paraliterary . \" I want to discourage the metonymy you use : I 'm not taking \" Delany to task , \" merely one of his essays . Certainly , he sometimes supports and sometimes contradicts its points elsewhere --contradicting himself is part of his project of resembling Whitman , like the beard . But had Merejkovsky had shown up in the essay in question , I can only imagine that the essay would defend him on the grounds of his similarity to the Great Works and dissimilarity to Lindsay , Millay , et al . That 's the rhetorical corner I see that essay having painted itself into . Back to Cox --he seems to feel an uneasy relation with the project of feminist reclamation , does n't he ? The greatness , limitations , and responses to feminist reclamations are illuminating . It 's been suggested that Elaine Showalter more or less neglected Ouida because she took the political philosophies of the authors she sought to reclaim more seriously than Ouida 's anarchism . The wildly uneven quality of the Virago Press ' publications has been noted by commentors who seem uninterested in remarking upon the wildly uneven quality of \" mainstream \" canons . And the oft - repeated claim that \" The Yellow Wallpaper \" was out of print for many decade during which it was in fact available for some time in Groff - Conklin - type horror story anthologies says a good deal about blindness and visibility . "}
{"url": "http://www.betadadblog.com/2010/04/gallery-portraits-of-twins.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701165697.9/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193925-00157-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "I have always had ambivalent feelings about Belkin Lookout Farm . On the one hand I want to support a local and historic farm . On the other hand the prices have been not only almost prohibitively expensive , but I find it ridiculous when a place markets itself as \" family friendly \" but yet charges so much per person . However , ironically due to the current economic situation , a restructuring at Belkin may make it worth a look , especially if you take advantage of the specials that they are offering . The farm , at over 180 acres , grows and sells an enormous range of fruit : cherries , strawberries , peaches , apples , Asian pears , pumpkins , plums and nectarines . However , what the farm also offers is a range of fun activities for young children . A visit costs $ 8.00/person for kids over 3 ( $ 10 for weekends ) , however , there are a number of 50 % off options and discounts if you check out their website first . For that price , you are first entitled to a train ride through the orchards . For my three year old , this was more than a highlight , and for us , it was full of pretty views . You can pick apples , pears , peaches and other fruits for $ 2.50 a pound . After the trip through the orchards , we arrived at an enormous play area . To the dismay of many of my mommy and daddy friends , the petting zoo was eliminated for the summer , leaving a few goats to check out . However , in September and October , it will be back with emus , donkeys and rabbits . My sons loved the big inflatable castle and the caterpillar tram that took them in a big circle . ( No parents are allowed on so you get a great work out running after it ! ) The toddler and I also got lost in the maze ... until he crawled out from under the maze , leaving me to find my way out ! Avoid the overpriced hotdogs , hamburgers and gelato ( at $ 4.00/serving it also adds up ! ) and bring your own snacks . If you plan accordingly you can also take advantage of the special events . My son adored Magician Dave ( who not only did great magic but had the quirkiest sense of humor for the adults . ) At other times there is face painting and music . So , at the end of the day , I am not going to say that this is the greatest value . But for the convenience it is novel way to spend a few hours . And , as my three year old later said , \" I had a great time there , mommy . \" Make sure you check the website first , to confirm hours , times and what is available for picking . Belkin Lookout Farm , 89 Pleasant St Natick , MA 01760 - 5669 ( 508 ) 651 - 1539 . As we walked along Boston Harbor towards Aura on Friday night , my 3 year old looked at me and said , \" Mommy , you wear a nice dress and go out with daddy . But tonight , you are wearing a nice dress and me and David get to go with you and eat food with Chef Rachel and plant gardens . I love this , mommy ! \" My son loved his first experience at Family Friendly nights at Aura . He remembered the food ( yummy chicken ) , the play space ( \" Can I play with trucks and legos , again , mommy ? \" ) , the other kids ( \" Will Ethan be there , mommy ? \" ) , the welcomeness of Chef Rachel Klein , and , of course , the dessert . We also had fond memories of having a delicious and elegant dinner while our children played nearby . So , when Aura offered to treat our family to a chance to eat at Aura and check out one of the new approaches to Family dining . All summer , Aura has offered special events at the Family Friendly nights . In early July , author Mary Newell dePalma came to talk to the children , while later in the month , animal specialists from the Franklin Park Zoo brought animals along ! This past Friday was a chance to head up to the herb garden on the roof of Aura and to plant seeds with Chef Rachel Klein , herself . I had been curious about Chef Klein 's approach to gardening since she told me about engaging her toddler in growing herbs . And , in fact , after a delicious meal , the kids headed up to the roof deck with parents and Chef Klein . She pointed out the amazing range of herbs ( including 4 kinds of mint , lemon verbena , rosemary and more ) that are growing in this lovely oasis . The children were given pots and taught how to plant seeds . Each child was able to plant basil , chard , squash or radishes . Chef Klein then showed the children how to pick herbs and gave them a chance to taste . My sons , for example , made faces at the intensity of the peppermint , but loved the herbal basil . Back at the restaurant , the experience was as fun and delicious as we remembered . While our children played in the adjacent play space , with puzzles , balls , legos , trucks , dinosaurs , we shared a lychee martini from the Tamo bar and had a few precious minutes to peruse the menu . Clearly understanding how hungry toddlers can get , their food arrived quickly . Both of my children had the homemade chicken tenders that were served with sweet potato fries and spicy honey - mustard sauce . In fact , the tenders were so good that my husband and I also dove in . The portions were generous enough that it provided meal for 2 nights . I loved how the carrots and peas were served in a way that kept the integrity and taste of the summer vegetables while having them cooked just enough to be devoured by our 18 month old . Our food was sophisticated enough to feel like we were truly out for a special evening . I also appreciated how the entire meal took advantage of summer produce . We started with one of each appetizer . I enjoyed the spectacular \" Scarlet Borscht \" of red beets , smoked potatoes , sour cream and dill . It was redolent of spicy ginger and was a refreshing start to the meal . My husband loved his \" Tomato Caprese \" or a salad of roasted and fresh summer tomatoes , grilled Halloumi cheese , chickpeas and basil pesto . The earthy combination of chickpeas and pesto were a great summer starter with sweet tomatoes . For a main dish , FoodieDaddy had the perfectly roasted salmon . It sat on a bed of parsnip puree and was topped with a chamomile beurre blanc . I loved the radish and grapefruit salad . Rachel Klein 's combinations often inspire me to try new ways of cooking at home . Finally , dessert . They were both good , though the names were more memorable than the dishes themselves . The first , an apricot bar with decadent creme fraiche ice cream and honey coulis . The second : a Valrhona chocolate brownie with coconut ice cream and caramelized Rice Krispies ! As I noted in my first write - up of the Family Friendly nights , a 3 course meal for adults costs about $ 30 a person , while the children 's meals are $ 7 ( which includes one side dish . ) So , for $ 70 . oo , it is a great alternative for a nice night as a family or when you ca n't get a babysitter . Family Friendly nights take place each Friday from 5:30 to 8:00 . For more information ( including the schedule of upcoming special events and the current menu ) you can check out their schedule of special events or the main Aura site . Aura at the Seaport Hotel , 1 Seaport Lane , 617 - 385 - 4300 Tamo Bar at the Seaport Hotel , 1 Seaport Lane , 617 - 385 - 4315 . There is so much to enjoy at the Mystic Aquarium in Mystic , Connecticut . First , so much of the aquarium is outdoors . In fact , I would recommend trying to go on a sunny day , as it adds a whole dimension to the aquarium that is often missing at others . You can stroll through a marsh trek and view turtles , huge tadpoles , fish and frogs . You can see seals , sea lions , penguins and whales - all outdoors . It makes the aquarium feel larger than its actual size and very open . However , one of the other great features is that you can also view the elegant and beautiful beluga whales , penguins , seals and sea lions through glass windows , as you stroll below the ground level . Seeing them above and below ground gives you the sense of peeking into their world . There is also a sting ray touch pool , where you can watch the rays swim and for an additional fee , feed them . We just watched them glide by . Underneath the sting ray exhibit is a huge array of fish , turtles , seahorse , sea anemones , sharks ( ! ) and jellyfish in the indoor exhibits . You can meander from case to case and watch the animals swim around . There is also a small area for children to touch crabs and snails . Another of our favorite parts of the visit was the sea lion and seal show . Included in your visit , despite the fact that our littlest one insisted on calling them \" puppies \" , both boys were completely entranced . The aquarium also has other exhibits , such as a marine mammal observatory , a bird exhibit ( which we skipped as it is $ 5 extra a person ) , and a look at Dr. Ballard 's expedition . In advance of the visit , it may be worth reading Curious George Goes to the Aquarium as it based on the Mystic Aquarium . Our son has asked me to read it about 10 times since we went . We are appreciative that the Whaler 's Inn gave us tickets to check out the Aquarium . When we return , as an aquarium ticket is good for 3 days , I plan to stay overnight in Mystic and combining this with a visit to the outstanding Mystic Seaport . You can buy a Mystic Pass card that gets you into both the Aquarium and the Seaport . Click here for more info . Or you can just buy Aquarium tickets right at the front door . I like peach pie . But I always find myself devouring the inside and then passing the crust of to FoodieDaddy . So , when I threw some tart peaches on the grill I was thrilled to discover that not only did the grill sweeten the peaches as they caramelized , but it tasted just like a peach pie . Sprinkled with a bit of sugar and ground cinnamon or nutmeg and topped with ice cream , it is a perfect ( and phenomenally easy ) summertime dessert . Alternatively , you can also grill an avocado . Then chop up the peaches and avocado and mix them with chopped tomatoes , onions , garlic and cilantro for a twist on savory salsa . Grilled Peaches . As many peaches as you can eat , washed , cut in half and pitted ( but not peeled ) Melted butter . Heat grill on high . Brush cut side of peaches lightly with butter . Places peaches cut side down . Grill for about 5 minutes on high . Rotate about 90 degrees for cool looking grill marks . Grill another 5 minutes . Flip over and grill for another 5 minutes if you want them to be really soft and tender . Take off heat and ( optional ) sprinkle with sugar and spices . Eat warm with ice cream or chilled for breakfast . The Atlantic Spice Company in Truro , MA is one of those places that is such a treat to discover . In an unassuming building on the corner of Route 6 and Route 6 A on the Outer Cape , lies a treasure trove for foodies . While I had periodically heard about this place , I had no idea about a few things . First , the scope of items you can buy is pretty impressive . There are gadgets galore , spice containers in all shapes and sizes , and cooking utensils that you suddenly realize you have to have . The selection of spices was distinguished by glorious scents ( a sure sign of freshness ) and unbelievably low prices . I bought an enormous bag of spicy cinnamon sticks for $ 2.50 ! I also got some vanilla beans that were more \" vanilly \" than any others I have bought . They have everything from coriander seed to fennel to multiple types of salt . ( I bought French sea salt for $ 2.50 and have used it every day since ! ) They also carry spice mixes , like a chili powder that I will try with beans once a chill sets in . According to one of the men who works at the Spice Company , the vast majority of the store 's business is wholesale . In fact , they ship out over 1 ton of products a day . This means that they can charge particularly reasonable prices for the lucky few who make it out to the store . In addition , they have unusual grains ( red and black quinoa , for example ) , essential oils ranging from spearmint to lavender , everything you need for making potpourri , all types of teas and helpful service . The good news if you ca n't make it to the store itself , is they have a detailed website , so no matter where you are , you can discover the joys of the store . If a picture is worth many words , one glance at the cakes made by Linda Brudz at Sweet Alternatives may make it clear why I was so quickly taken with her artistry . ( For that reason , all photos on this post are from Sweet Alternatives . I could never do justice with my lack of photographic ability ! ) We met at a community event and exchanged cards . When I looked at her website , I was impressed by the beauty of her cakes and her training as a pastry chef . I wasn ' t the only one that was struck by her ability : one of her cakes is currently featured on the cover of Boston Weddings magazine ! Especially for foodies , the taste of a cake is as important as how it looks . Linda was kind enough to make my family and friends a range of samples to taste . Our egg - allergic children loved her vegan cupcakes . The adults loved the whimsical taste of the rootbeer frosting ! She also made us a sweet dulce de leche filled chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream . My favorite was the gorgeous and moist lemon cake . It was filled with a lemon - cream cheese buttercream , as well as fresh raspberries and blueberries . I have high standards for lemon cakes , and this one was delicious . In fact , each friend who was lucky enough to come over while it was still around agreed . Linda makes a wide range of cakes , so you will have to e - mail her to get the full list . But some examples of her regular cakes include ( in addition to the standard yellow , white and chocolate ) champagne spongecake , hazelnut , white chocolate , and carrot . She also makes many fillings from mango mousse to lime curd or whoopee pie cream ! And , in addition to the root beer cream you can enjoy her buttercreams in flavors such as lime , almond and white chocolate . One of her most popular combinations is champagne cake with strawberry mousse and vanilla buttercream . Most importantly , she will work with clients to create a unique look . For people with dietary restrictions , Sweet Alternatives can also make vegan and gluten - free cakes and cupcakes . For busy parents , this local option can be a great choice when the school year begins and cupcakes are standard classroom fare . In addition , Sweet Alternatives makes a range of lovely cookies and \" edible confections . \" Finally , Linda Brudz of Sweet Alternatives is also giving back to the community . Natick residents get a special discount for 2009 while also contributing to the Natick Family Network ( a fantastic community organization ! ) It is always a thrill to feature local people doing great things . Linda Brudz , of Sweet Alternatives , is one of those people . The Verrill Farm Tomato and Corn Festival is one of the highlights of the summer for us . First , it is a chance to support one of our favorite farms . We also love the opportunity to taste so many types of incredible vegetables . Finally , it gives our children another glimpse at produce right from the source . We went today ( Saturday , August 15th ) and got there just as it opened at 12:00 . Pony rides were already set up and the lovely Monandock Bluegrass Band was in full swing . ( That is Steve Verrill speaking to the crowd in front of the band . ) For $ 8.00 a person ( $ 4 for kids under 10 ) , you get to try as many of the tomatoes and types of corn as you want . Luckily there are tents to provide shady spots for eating tomatoes . We loved comparing acidity , sweetness , texture and color of each tomato . My sons just loved eating them . The corn came in over 5 varieties so you can compare the simplicity of the pure white , as well as the sweetness of others . You also get a plateful of samples of the prepared foods that are made each day . We enjoyed gazpacho , tomato and mozzarella salad , fabulous zucchini - corn pancakes , corn polenta , tomato risotto ( that my 18 month old devoured ) and my favorite , a corn soup with just a hint of spice . If for some reason you are still hungry , they are grilling up hot dogs and hamburgers , too . We headed into the store because , as any reader of this blog knows , I ca n't resist their scones . Today they had maple - walnut , raspberry - white chocolate and mixed berry . I also bought 4 varieties of beautiful eggplants . The Festival will still be on tomorrow , Sunday , August 16th , from 12 to 4 . A few suggestions - go early before the crowds . If it is still sunny , it is worth bringing a sun umbrella , a picnic blanket and water bottles in case you ca n't get under the tent . And go hungry ! Last bit of info : be aware that Verrill Farm has plenty of tomatoes in a range of colors and types to try . Unfortunately , the weather this season has been so tough that Verrill only has enough tomatoes for tasting . So we will return next week to stock up on tomatoes for sauce , salads and soups . "}
{"url": "http://jwwartick.com/2012/06/11/yec-args/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701157472.18/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193917-00005-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "April 25 , 2008 . Sexualized Ads Become \" Obscene \" When Guys are the Objects . So this video and news issue is a wee bit old , but the idea it raises is n't at all . Apparently an in - store Abercrombie ad campaign ( see video below ) received complaints for being too sexual / obscene . Abercrombie has been doing this for years , for example , depicting cartoons of topless girls ( yeah , they looked awful young ) in pools and having threesomes in their catalog back when I worked in the mall 10 years ago . And in this day and age of hypersexualization of women 's bodies and the general pornification of everyday life , you would think these ads must be awfully revealing to be so scandalous . The thing is , the ads are n't that revealing . Not by far , and especially not compared to most ads we see everywhere . we . look . Except that most sexualized ads we see are of women 's bodies ( I said most - I am well aware of the sexual and homoerotic tones of several cologne ads ) . However , the Abercrombie campaign includes some sexy images ... of guys . And the marketing target is upper - middle class , heterosexual teens , both female and male . \" there 's half naked guys running around - it 's obscenity - is Playboy able to hang naked pictures in their store ? \" Um , sorry dude , but the half naked men shown in Abercrombie ads is not the same as fully naked Playboy pictures . Like , at all . The ads are only ' scandalous ' because guys are being ( mildly ) depicted as erotic objects of heterosexual desire . And this just does n't happen . Even when there 's male ( frontal ) nudity in movies , it 's typically either goofy or is not eroticized . This is the very definition of objectification - defining ( a person ) in terms of how you already see them to be , in how they 're useful for you , rather than seeing them on their own terms . Men are really only able to objectify women in this way because such narrow and all - defining judgment is never returned to them ; they are rarely , if ever , made the objects of female - centered desire . It 's awfully hard to objectify someone when you recognize they have their own desire - and that you might not be up to their standard . I 'm getting a bit off track , and I 'll continue to blog about that in the future , but getting back to the anxious guy ... his comments are screaming male privilege . The fact that these images bother him so much can be attributed to him rarely having to be faced with the eroticization of his own body , even in the mild Abercrombie images of guys in jeans showing a little buttcrack . What 's fascinating is that he is so bothered by it . I 'd like to say that he 's finally getting a small taste of what women go through , but that 's not even close to the truth : he has the luxury of being able to avoid dealing with the images by walking out of the store . These kinds of images ( and so much more ) are simply unavoidable for women - we can never just walk away , because they 're there whenever we turn around . Another fascinating thing about his comment was his analogy of these images to Playboy images . On another level , they are similar , because sexualized women 's bodies are so commonplace these days , that we would n't even blink an eye if we were to replace the guy in the Abercrombie ad with a woman . We probably would n't even think it was racy , or even that sexual . So his analogy , in a way , speaks very much to the ubiquitous sexualized female body and the rarely eroticized male body . Finally , what I 'm also quite interested in regarding this video news story , is that the campaign included images of girls , depicted in much the same way as the guys are ... yet he never mentioned being bothered by the \" obscenity \" of those ! Images are only seen as improperly sexualized when it 's the male body on display for a ( presumed ) het female audience . Share this : . Like this : . The thing that struck me about this post is how men are n't used to having their bodies enjoyed by others . Nice catch ! So the ads that really put the burr under the ol' saddle were the ones with the half - dressed guys , not the one with full - naked girl ? I 've seen men in my neighborhood mow their yards wearing less clothes . Whaddya want to bet homophobia plays a big part in this ? So I guess there 's no lingerie ads in that town or in that mall ? 'Cause I live in L.A. , and I see large billboards of women in their underwear fairly regularly . Which makes me wonder if there 's a Victoria 's Secret in that mall , and what 's hanging on their walls . This was a great post - and I think your last paragraph is one that rings very true ... A lot of the fear that surrounds this man 's campaign against \" obscenity \" lies within homophobia and fear of being the object of erotic desire . Thank you for writing this amazing post ! The points you on the double standards for men and women in advertising are highly accurate and insightful . Even though I 'd like to think we have achieved ( roughly ) equal status in the schools and workforce , the amount of trashy adverts that denigrate women in my country ( Singapore ) are rampant and unlikely to disappear anytime soon . Open the page of any newspaper and you will see half a dozen adverts for slimming centres , bust enhancement services ; turn on the television and see commercials where women are either cleaning the house or cooking dinner ( for men ) . What 's more depressing is that my ( female ) friends in school do not see there is a problem with this trend and think such double standards are acceptable and the norm . It is a Role Playing Game which plays in the middle age like fairly realisic fantasy setting . It is a sequel for a novel series , with a well developed stright male protagnosist(like in the novels ) . In the middle ages , were not gender eqality , feminism , and the way of thinking of people was incomparable with the people in present . If you found a man or woman with modern thinking , in a historical work , it is sign of bad writing . Geralt is sterile , , like any other wicher , and it is a well known fact . So the woman can have sex with him , without consqences . He is an ' exotic ' subject , the woman wants him , because he is different . Gays are disturbing either for straight men and women . They are neither masculine , nor feminine , they hav some weird body langeuge , which disrubes people by insinct , NOT by intentional exculsion . That principle concerns the real life encounters , mostly . ( It does not works alwais with digital and written media fe . Yaoi fangirls ) Just ry get some open - minded man to to stay in a gay bar alone for a while . He will be very uncorfotable . The same goes for woman . Homosexuality is a natural population limiting factor , which did not worked well in the case of humans . And while i disturbed by gays , irritated , by their ' victim play ' , i do n't hate anyone , just despise certain things . Marketing shows people , what are they like to see . If they were pleased with homsexuals , gays were shown , but they does not , even the numberous textbook liberal principle parrioting individuals did n't . Sexuality is all about to attract strong males to healthy females , for the purpose of raising capable offsprings(Generalizing to humans and animals . ) An we are the same human species , as were we 30 000 years ago , and the instincts are still working . My point is that heterosexeuality is the proper way to use the human body , by nature . And the differnces between men and women(different strengths ) are filling out each other , and they are good in different fields(men are better pilots , while , women are better psyhologists etc .... ) . Copyright . Subscribe . Archives . Categories . "}
{"url": "http://www.jeffreymorgenthaler.com/2008/iceland-day-two-youre-going-to-get-very-very-cold/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701145578.23/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193905-00283-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Technically , I was n't fired , I was laid off . Also , it wo n't happen for another 14 months . And I wanted to get laid off so that I could collect a really nice severance package and take a sabbatical for a few months after it was all over , de - stress , and pursue the wine angle full - time for a little bit . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm having some doubts . Did I do the right thing ? Is the economy gon na pick back up ? Can I make any real money doing this wine stuff ? You know , the standard stuff : Man does n't like shore ; Man leaves shore ; Man loses sight of shore ; Man practically pees himself for losing sight of the shore . So , let 's just agree that the title was a total bait - and - switch deal and move on , ok ? As odd as it sounds , this was an occasion to celebrate , cholesterol numbers be damned . So we celebrated at Dude Central , to the tune of six bottles of wine ( we did not finish them ) , all of them from the sample pool with the exception of the first wine ( which was one from the personal stash ) . At this point you probably ( and understandably ) care more about what we drank than about my future , so let 's get cracking ... . NV Pommery Champagne Brut Royal ( Reims ) : I like my Champagne as yeasty as they can get , and this one delivers as it tastes like they tried to stick an entire loaf of bread into the bottle . Some nice overtones of flowers as well . But the fruit plays a minor role , so you 'd better love bread action before you think about throwing down the cash for this . 2008 Grooner Gruner Veltliner ( Kremstal ) : What a great introduction to Gruner , and an affordable one too at around $ 15 ( or less ) . Wines like these - with citrus , bracing acidity , spice and garden - veggie aromas - are totally killer with salads because they compliment the flavors while cutting through the vinaigrette . Also stands up to veggie white pizza . 2006 Heron Hill Ingle Vineyard Riesling ( Finger Lakes ) : Do you remember those commercials where the person stuck a big straw directly into a huge piece of fruit , as if they were going to drink the entire thing , pulp and all ? This wine is just like that , only the fruit is an enormous lime . It 's a really solid offering from this consistent FL producer and I 'd even go so far as to say that Heron Hill is starting to capture a sense of place , a terroir , from that vineyard location . 2007 Olson Ogden Wines Unti Vineyard Syrah ( Dry Creek Valley ) : This is a hell of wine . It 's a big wine , but it 's the kind of ' complex big ' wine ( the finish moves from concentrated red berry to smoked bacon ) that makes people who do n't like big CA wines do a triple - head - take move . It 's even better on day two if you let it sit and exercise sufficient restraint to leave some of it in the bottle for the next day . Give it four years in the bottle , then guzzle . 2006 Rockaway Cabernet Sauvignon ( Alexander Valley ) : It 's really criminal to open this wine this early , when it so clearly needs 5 + years to fully round out the harsher tannins on the mid - palate . I know it 's a sample , and I 'm supposed to do that , but it still hurts . There 's a lot going on on this wine , and it 's even better than the inaugural release that was bottled last year , which means ( to me , anyway ) that they really are sitting on some of the best fruit in Alexander Valley . But ... it 's huge , it has ultra - concentrated dark fruit and spice , and the booze is really potent . I know , I 'm a weirdo . Anyway , if you can find this wine for under $ 70 I 'd say you were getting your money 's worth . 2005 Kanu Kia - Ora Noble Late Harvest ( Stellenbosch ) : You knew I was ending this celebration with a sticky , right ? This was my first Chenin - based late - harvest , Botrytis - infected wine from South Africa . It 's promising , but a bit of an acquired taste because it combines fruit , nuts , honey , and secondary aromas - I love that and thought it was pretty damn tasty , but you may want something more simple to end your meal . I wrote that it was \" like almond brittle made with apricot & doused in kerosene . But in a totally good way . \" Comments . First off , yes , the title got me to click through ! Personal stories are so interesting ... however , your ability to write about wine is impressive . I can taste it - almost :) . I agree about Rockaway . I have to say with all the hype , I was disappointed by this wine , especially at the price ; perhaps it will drink better in a few years . I 'm especially int'd in wines 2 , 3 & 6 , with wine # 1 close by . I 'll stop by Unti . Congrats on your future adventure ! Err , Congrats on being ' fired ' in 14 months . I also work for the corporate man ( think big bailout bank looking for new CEO ) . I also have been laid off . I also am looking forward to another potential lay off but I hope it is n't for another 2 years . My wife is going back to school and I 'm pretty sure we can live on one income , but not zero incomes . We would miss our wines , unless somehow I could score on the sample list ! Totally jealous ! I totally get the \" wanting to get laid off \" angle . This happened to my wife , and she had a few months of full pay with time to pursue her passions and start a company . It made me look at my 11-year stint at the same company and wonder ... anyway , best of luck in your future pursuits . I think you definitely have a future in this wine scam . And , as Dale said , the Apache Chief reference ( especially to describe a wine ) : pure rhinestone , man . 1winedude , you make lay - off sound so appealing . I am not sure I get the point about \" 14 months away \" - does it mean you still have to work for 14 months , or that you can take the severance package and leave now , otherwise you will be forced to leave in 14 months ? ( how long is the severance ? ) At any rate , life rarely affords us opportunity for a several months \" vacation \" . It 's a great forcing function to take a fresh look at things . Best of luck , and keep writing - I enjoy your writing style very much ! YOu're laid off 14 months from now with a fat bonus ? i mean severance ? Can i come too ? heheh I at least hope they were n't moving you someplace awesome like paris . Wish you a great time off in the future , and hopefully you will get paid in wine . So you can call all of your blogger friends and show them how to do it :-) . Mamie Baker . Hello my name is Mamie Baker and I am a 20 year old Black Girl from Calgary , Alberta in Canada . I just got fired five weeks ago from my job at Tim Horton 's because I was phoning in sick to often , so I was fired because as they caught me lying as I was n't sick . Actually I was to lazy to go to work but that is nothing new for me as I am lazy anyway and have been fired from every job I have had for lying that I was sick . Trackbacks . [ ... ] This post was mentioned on Twitter by 1WineDude and Andrea Schmitz , Michael Kotrady . Sign Up , Lushes ! Wise Up . Stuff About Wines . Chatter . To some extent , I agree - wine culture takes generations to establish . Wine drinking is something out of the top - drawer in consuming alcohols . Wine does n't happen by chance , ususually . The least interesting is a non - starter , since by definition those wines are boring and not memorable . Labels . Vintage . "}
{"url": "http://architectradure.blogspot.com/2007/01/rss-feed-current-issue-for-better.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701159654.65/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193919-00074-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Reflection by Red State Rabble . Red State Rabble ( Pat Hayes ) attended the Ken Miller talk at KU last Thursday and has followed the ensuing internet discussion closely . Here in its entirety is an entry from Pat 's blog Red State Rabble in which Pat offers a reflection on the affair . Pat is a thoughtful commentator , and I felt his comments deserved a wider audience ( although many people already have Red State Rabble on their list of daily blog reading . ) Uniting Against the Common Enemy For a couple of days now , RSR has been digesting the reaction - some would say the over - reaction - to Ken Miller 's speech at KU last Thursday . We 've exchanged a couple of e - mails with Miller , which we 'll get to in a moment , but first there 's something I want to get off my chest : . Having read the comments to a number of posts here , at Panda 's Thumb , Pharyngula , and the KCFS public discussion forum I 've been playing and replaying a scene from Monty Python 's \" Life of Brian \" in my head . In the film , Brian drifts into a plot to sneak into the palace in Caesar 's Square through the underground sewer and kidnap Pontius Pilate 's wife so the Judean People 's Front can issue its demands : . COMMANDO XERXES : What exactly are the demands ? REG : We 're giving Pilate two days to dismantle the entire apparatus of the Roman Imperialist State , and if he does n't agree immediately , we execute her . Once inside the palace they run into a second commando group made up of officials of the People 's Front of Judea who also plan to kidnap Pilate 's wife and issue demands . When a fight breaks out between the two groups , the Christ - like Brian chides them all , \" Brothers ! Brothers ! We should be struggling together ! ... We must n't fight each other ! Surely we should be united against the common enemy ! \" But , no one listens and they are all thrown into the Roman dungeons . Why ? Well , as Reg told Brian back at the Coliseum when he joined the PFJ , \" The only people we hate more than the Romans are the fucking Judean People 's Front . \" And , of course , the splitters in the Judean Popular People 's Front . In any political movement , such as the movement to defend science education and the separation of church and state , it 's absolutely critical to be able to tell your friends from your enemies . If you ca n't do that , you may as well quit fighting , because you ca n't do anything . And , you have to know what you 're fighting for . RSR is fighting against those authoritarians who would impose their religious views on the rest of us . We do n't believe giving church - goers two days to dismantle the entire apparatus of their religious belief - or else - constitutes a workable strategy . We 're not interested in philosophical purity , either . We want to work closely with activists like Ken Miller to defend science education in public schools . Moreover , we respect him for his many contributions to that struggle . In fact , it 's hard to think of many people who 've done more . We frankly do n't care what his religious views are . It 's his actions that count in our book . In an e - mail he has given RSR permission to quote from Miller writes : . It is a self - evident fact that some of the most ardent and scientifically eminent defenders of evolution have been people of faith , including the likes of Francisco Ayala and Theodosius Dobzhansky . All of these people would take issue , as do I , with any thesis that evolution , as a matter of science , rules out God . Does that make us all \" creationists \" who would throw our colleagues to the wolves ? Of course not . I will continue in the future to make the same points as I did in my Kansas lecture last week , namely , that evolution can be understood in a way that is compatible with religious faith . For our part , RSR is proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with people of faith who want to defend America 's secular institutions from attacks by the radical right . As a person with a secular outlook , RSR believes Charles Darwin got it exactly right when he wrote : . It has , therefore , been always my object to avoid writing on religion , & I have confined myself to science . Those non - believers who do n't learn this lesson , I believe , run the danger of ceding more political power to the religious right . Although I 'm optimistic about our ultimate chances for success , in the end , it all comes down to the strategy we adopt . If we adopt a strategy that unites us with those who are willing to defend the nation 's secular heritage - whatever their religious or philosophical beliefs - we can create a powerful movement to defeat those who demand an authoritarian form of government . Those who seek some unattainable purity , who would divide believers from non - believers in this movement , may someday find themselves , like Brian , in a dungeon of their own making . It is a self - evident fact that some of the most ardent and scientifically eminent defenders of evolution have been people of faith , including the likes of Francisco Ayala and Theodosius Dobzhansky . All of these people would take issue , as do I , with any thesis that evolution , as a matter of science , rules out God . Does that make us all \" creationists \" who would throw our colleagues to the wolves ? Of course not . Miller in an open letter posted at Uncommon Descent 9/28/05 : . Many of you accused me of \" mocking God \" for pointing out that remarkable frequency of extinction would make an \" intelligent designer \" look ridiculous . In fact , it was exactly because I do not mock God that I pointed out how ridiculous this view of an \" intelligent designer \" would be . It is those who advance the opposite view , in favor of ID , who must actually argue that the \" designer \" is n't competent enough to make organisms that would last . Although Miller is saying evolution does n't rule out the existence of a god , he is saying religious claims of a god using special creation are \" ridiculous \" , right ? I would like the comments on this thread to stay on the topics raised by Pat . This old post by Ken Miller on Uncommon Descent , no matter how worthwhile a discussion it might lead to , is really not on - topic here . Those non - believers who do n't learn this lesson , I believe , run the danger of ceding more political power to the religious right . Although I 'm optimistic about our ultimate chances for success , in the end , it all comes down to the strategy we adopt . If we adopt a strategy that unites us with those who are willing to defend the nation 's secular heritage - whatever their religious or philosophical beliefs - we can create a powerful movement to defeat those who demand an authoritarian form of government . Those who seek some unattainable purity , who would divide believers from non - believers in this movement , may someday find themselves , like Brian , in a dungeon of their own making . People who want creationist taught in schools , no matter who they are , are our enemy , and deserve to be treated as such . People who DON'T want creationism taught in schools , no matter who they are , are our friend , and deserve to be treated as such . Fight with our enemies . Not with our friends . Leave the arguments over ideological purity to the Maoists . They 're much better at it , and it keeps them out of our way . I 'm also going to sit back and enjoy my new immunity from criticism by anyone else who opposes the teaching of creationism in the schools . Remember , if you disagree with me , it means we 're all going to be thrown into a Roman dungeon . I do n't understand the flippant attitude here , and I 'd like to point out that the person 's ideas which are the focus of this post are Pat Hayes ' , not Ken Miller 's . There are theists and non - theists in the world . Pat is not saying that everything is going to be hunky - dory between them . I have a [ link blog post ] proposal to test this wonderful unity we 're now all going to have . Those are some wildly out of context quotes you 're tossing around there . Kind of like the ones you based your blog post around after Ken Miller 's speech last week , come to think of it . I can only hope you are n't planning on making a regular habit of this . And I am saying that if we are going to accept this diversity of belief , you 're all going to have to get used to the fact that atheists do n't believe in god . The demand for acceptance always seems to go one way . I am also saying that the only way to work towards that unity is to recognize that there are differences of opinion , and we are free to express them . There is definitely an oppressive current here that is trying to use a demand for unity against a common enemy to suppress dissent ; the members of the bland and happy majority are always going to be content to demand that we all just get along and stop complaining . This is not how we progress . This is how we stagnate . PZ , I do n't see anything in what either Pat or I have written that wants to \" oppress atheists . \" You write , . And I am saying that if we are going to accept this diversity of belief , you 're all going to have to get used to the fact that atheists do n't believe in god . The demand for acceptance always seems to go one way . I am also saying that the only way to work towards that unity is to recognize that there are differences of opinion , and we are free to express them . I agree entirely with that , and I 'm virtually certain that Pat does too . You 'll have to explain further then what Pat 's post is about . What exactly is the proposal ? What is the complaint ? Because what seems to be driving it is that I have objected to a substantial bit of Ken Miller 's approach to combatting creationism , and in fact think that that part of his strategy is wrong and counterproductive . Somehow , I do n't think it was a request to Ken Miller to stop blaming atheists for creationist 's opposition to evolution . It sounded more to me like a request to those who disagree with Miller to stop rocking the boat . There is definitely an oppressive current here that is trying to use a demand for unity against a common enemy to suppress dissent ; . I 'm sorry , but I quite clearly remember that this cross - blog flamewar originally started with you attempting to declare Ken Miller persona non grata \" here \" . At least , I do n't know how else to interpret a statement like \" Thanks , Dr Ken ! I know what side you 're on , now ... it 's you and the creationists , best friends 4ever ! Did they promise to let you strike the match at the atheist - burning ? \" If you 're going to establish yourself arbiter of who is or is n't part of the movement against creationism , I find it awfully hard to take seriously claims the next week that the same thing is being done to you . The pope has the right to be offended by your belief in and advocacy of \" secular humanism \" ; you have the right to be offended by the pope 's belief in and advocacy of \" superstition \" . But neither of these things are relevant or helpful to the \" debate \" between science and creationism . You are , intentionally or not , conflating these two things . You are being attacked for the conflation of two separate issues , for being needlessly divisive . Those who seek some unattainable purity , who would divide believers from non - believers in this movement , may someday find themselves , like Brian , in a dungeon of their own making . I do n't see what 's so unobtainable about not believing things without evidence , or not believing things that have lots of contrary evidence , or not believing things that make no sense . Nor do I see why it should be so hard to suggest that it 's not merely Creationism we want kept out of our societal establishments but irrationality and unreason in general . More to the point , I do n't see how we can accomplish our goal of getting competent and accurate science instruction in schools by allying ourselves with people who flagrantly misrepresent the nature of the scientific method . That 's rather like setting the fox to guard the henhouse . Sure , he 'll keep everyone else from raiding chickens - but our goal is n't to keep the snakes and weasels away from our poultry . Our goal is to keep the poultry safe . If you 're going to establish yourself arbiter of who is or is n't part of the movement against creationism , I find it awfully hard to take seriously claims the next week that the same thing is being done to you . I expressed my opinion - rather unambiguously , do n't you think ? What I object to here is the sanctimonious pussyfooting , the pretense of just trying to get along and be fair to everyone , when it 's really a veiled request to silence critics of a prominent defender of evolution . Why not say it plainly ? Ask the atheists to sit down and shut up about their disbelief , because it annoys the Christians . That 's what this is actually about . though I have a lot of trouble seeing RSR 's ' I refuse to stop working with the religious ' message here as \" oppressive \" . Funny ... I do n't recall saying that I refuse to work with the religious . Why was that complaint even made ? Is someone refusing to work with them ? I also reject the notion that this issue is orthogonal to the creation - evolution debate . Anti - creationist movement ? That 's odd , I 'm part of the pro - science movement . I oppose creationism as part of my larger goal of supporting science . Why should I sabotage that goal by allying with people who oppose it , just to accomplish that minor subgoal ? If opposing creationism is so all - fired vital to the theistic evolutionists , let them learn to live with the people who oppose their theism . After all , if the Judean People 's Front hated the other Fronts more than the Romans , the reasonable thing to do would have been to ally themselves with the Romans against the other groups . Setting aside their differences in order to take down the Romans would 've been against their goals , and that would be madness . Methinks someone should have reconsidered their metaphor . I would like the comments on this thread to stay on the topics raised by Pat . This old post by Ken Miller on Uncommon Descent , no matter how worthwhile a discussion it might lead to , is really not on - topic here . I disagree . Pat and others seem to have been mislead by Miller into thinking there is some kind of unity needed between theists and atheists who already accept the fact of evolution and the theories that explain it . The old post demonstrates that the unity needed is between theists with conflicting religious beliefs . Creationists themselves are the ones claiming evolution rules out God , and the theist Miller calling their cherished special creation belief \" ridiculous \" is at least as insulting to them as anything Dawkins can come up with . The attempts to pin the blame for anti - theistic interpretations of evolution on atheists is pathetic and I ca n't believe people like Pat Hayes are falling for it . When it comes down to atheists or Christians , both are wrong to conflate science and their own metaphysics . What metaphysics ? I think PZ is arguing ontology and epistemology which do touch on the scientific issues involved in evolution . But I 'm not saying he 's right either . That remark has been quoted more than anything he 's ever said , and it 's usually quote mined by the religious . He meant there is no sign of a grand plan in which humans play a starring role . The universe is an impersonal world governed by mathematical laws that are not particularly concerned with human beings , in which human beings appear as a chance phenomenon , not the goal toward which the universe itself is directed . For some people that picture is antithetical to the view of nature and the world that their religion had given them . That 's only one sense of meaning . What people forget is that there is another sense of meaning that Weinberg talks about next , a more personal , human meaning . It does n't mean there 's no point to life . Weinberg also wrote that : . That 's not an entirely despicable role for us to play . PZ 's words about working the religious tend to conflict with his history of attacking any theistic evolutionist who he thinks has betrayed science . I thought the Collins incident would be a hard lesson in jumping to conclusions without available information , perhaps recalling the Mims inicident on the IDist side . I guess I was wrong , because now we have PZ shooting off even harsher premature posts about how Miller is in league with the anti - evolutionists . In short , this sort of thing gives the appearance of knee - jerk reactionism and prejudice , and of promoting a more extreme form of Scientism rather than a general acceptance of the sciences by the public . The fact that this kind of thing has happened not once , but TWICE , with prominent theistic evolutionists who have been outspoken against the anti - evolution movement and have made efforts to break down the religious opposition to science is very disheartening . This sort of behavior also giving more credence to the false impression proferred by IDists that all this Evolution stuff is about staunch Metaphysical rather than methodological naturalism . It looks to the reader that Dr. Myers is saying that the first , rather than the later , is what is at stake in these Evolution arguments , not simply a popular rejection of religious objections to established facts and scientific methodology . though I have a lot of trouble seeing RSR 's ' I refuse to stop working with the religious ' message here as \" oppressive \" . Funny ... I do n't recall saying that I refuse to work with the religious . Why was that complaint even made ? Is someone refusing to work with them ? We have here a post by RSR which I would summarize as \" I refuse to stop working with the religious \" . This is not how we progress . This is how we stagnate . \" You do not specify exactly from whom or where this \" oppressive current \" flows . How do you expect this to be taken by the reader ? Caledonian Wrote : . Anti - creationist movement ? That 's odd , I 'm part of the pro - science movement . My choice of the phrase \" anti - creationist movement \" , which I assume you are responding to , was solely intended to avoid unnecessary generalization , since I was referring in that sentence specifically to a comment in which Ken Miller had been labelled a creationist . Caledonian Wrote : . I oppose creationism as part of my larger goal of supporting science . Why should I sabotage that goal by allying with people who oppose it , just to accomplish that minor subgoal ? My viewpoint would be that , as someone whose viewpoint is fundamentally pro - science , my position is harmed by anyone who intertwines science with religious viewpoints . When science 's separation from religion is threatened , the societal position of science ( which is important not for ideological reasons , but because it is useful ) is degraded . I think nearly everyone here would agree that it is unacceptable to require certain views on religion in order for someone to \" support evolution \" or \" support science \" . The problem as I see it is that different people here disagree as to whether or not certain situations ( Ken Miller , as perceived by some people , issuing attacks on materialist humanists ? PZ Myers , as perceived by some people , issuing attacks on Ken Miller ? RSR , as perceived by some people , issuing attacks on people who attack Ken Miller ? ) constitute excluding someone from \" the Panda 's Thumb camp \" based on a view about religion . My viewpoint would be that , as someone whose viewpoint is fundamentally pro - science , my position is harmed by anyone who intertwines science with religious viewpoints . It 's funny how that principle gets distorted in its operation into \" my position is harmed by anyone who intertwines science with anti - religious viewpoints . \" Where were all these principled objections when Miller throws the blame for creationism on atheist , and intertwines his science with his Catholicism ? This is my objection : the complaints only go one way . If I had n't shouted out , everyone would be saying Miller 's talk was wonderful , and there would n't be the slightest expression of protest anywhere that he had mixed up his Catholicism with his evolution . Of course , perhaps what you are saying is that your position has been harmed by Miller , too , and then , boy , will my face be red as I apologize to you for failing to understand that you were agreeing with me . I admire PZ Myers for his bravery and honesty , and for not hiding behind any pseudonyms to advance his views . However , I ca n't help but feel that he is helping create an ever deepening divide between the religious and science . Or rather I should say , justifying the disdain of religious people for any kind of science they find \" problematic . While his quest is noble , I beg PZ and those who agree with his approach take a quick look at this link : . That 's an interesting link ... maybe a bit rich with platitudes , but OK . I do n't think it says to me what it says to you , though . Hold onto your vision . It 's the source of your energy and passion . And just for now , let go of asking people to meet you where you are . Right now , they ca n't see what you see . They hear you asking them cross a treacherous chasm into a murky , uncertain future . They hear you asking a great deal . Instead , meet people where they are . Hear and acknowledge the confusion and risks and losses that fill their field of vision . Accept that their fears are real for them . Let them know that you will take the journey with them , supporting them in the ups and downs of Chaos . Exactly right . I can understand that many people find atheism scary , which is why I do n't ask them to become atheists , or demand that you have to be an atheist to support evolution , or even that you have to be an atheist to be a good scientist . I am not asking much at all . However , if I 'm to help people in this journey the quote talks about , they have to see the destination . I think what we 're struggling with is a lot of people who believe the answer is to deny the existence of that journey at all , and who insist that the way to peace is through mollification - they want to maintain the status quo . In case you had n't noticed , that is n't working out real well for science . 45 % of Americans accept the idea of Special Creation . Sad , in my view , but that 's not a majority . You might also want to mention to Norm that at least 2/3 rd s of the people in the US who accept evolution and reject ID / creationism , are theists . Norm tends to forget that . Of course , Norm does n't CARE if they accept evolution or not . Norm does n't CARE if their religion affects their science or not . To Norm , a theist is a theist is a theist is a theist , and all theists are the enemy . And if you 're not with Norm , you 're against him . That , after all , has always been the battle cry of ideological extremists . Sweden has about 85 % non - believers in God , Denmark about 80 % , Norway 72 % . Oh , my Gawd ! What horrible results ! Sweden and Norway did n't even get rid of their state churches ! What horrible repression of religion ! In Denmark Theo van Gogh was killed by a radical Muslim and look what happened to the poor Muslims in that country ! Sweden has about 85 % non - believers in God , Denmark about 80 % , Norway 72 % . And unlike you , none of them have made it their mission in life to stamp out religion . In fact , Norm , I am not aware that any of those vast majorities makes any effort at all whatsoever to stamp out the rest . There 's a lesson in there somewhere for you , Norm . But gee , Norm , what countries HAVE made it their mission in life ( officially as government policy , no less ) to stamp out religion . Can you name a few for us . Comment # 132585 Posted by normdoering on September 22 , 2006 01:18 PM ( e ) Wayne Francis wrote : . So do you like going up to a stranger that is Polish and telling polish jokes to them ? Wow ! What a context shift . Raging Bee is no stranger , he 's been chasing after my comments with logic so twisted Stephen Colbert could use it . You 're the one who walked into it . Popper 's Ghost was right about you . Why is it a context shift ? Why is making fun of someone 's god ok but making fun of someone 's ancestry not ? Do you personally know the theists that you 've made negative statements about their god ? How is telling \" Meet People Where They Are \" that her relationship with her god any different then walking up to a Polish man on the street and telling bad polish jokes ? Why should that Polish man get upset any more then a theist would get upset about you degrading their personal spiritual beliefs ? I 'll take it from your reaction that you would n't approve of any of the \" humorous \" situations I suggested . So it is not ok to joke about your partner and kids who you care about . It is not ok to joke about someone 's nationality . It is not ok to joke about someone 's dead relative . BUT it IS ok to joke about someone 's spiritual beliefs ? Funny you should have picked the nationality one to focus on . For out of all of them \" national pride \" is the least tangible of all the conditions I put forth . Is it logical to be patriotic ? I can say I 've very patriotic . It 's the reason I joined the USMC when I was younger . It is my patriotism that made me proud to be an American and a U.S. Marine . It is my patriotism that makes me ashamed of the butchery the current administration is doing to the US Constitution . Yet how is my patriotism really any different then someone else 's spirituality . My patriotism is my personal relationship with the history of America . I 'm not proud of all the history but there are ideals there that I hold on to . I could get those ideals from other sources but my choice is to ground them in patriotism . Much like many religious people ground their ideals from their spiritual beliefs . The only thing different between making a joke about someone 's god and someone 's nationality , at least if they are Polish , is that you do n't like the concept of \" God \" but have no problem with the concept of being \" Polish \" . Sweden has about 85 % non - believers in God , Denmark about 80 % , Norway 72 % . Oh , my Gawd ! What horrible results ! Sweden and Norway did n't even get rid of their state churches ! What horrible repression of religion ! In Denmark Theo van Gogh was killed by a radical Muslim and look what happened to the poor Muslims in that country ! Horrible ! Shocking ! Horrible ! It is n't what people personally believe that generally causes problems . Disaster comes when people decide everyone else should believe the same ( as they do ) and take action to make it so . It is n't what people personally believe that generally causes problems . Disaster comes when people decide everyone else should believe the same ( as they do ) and take action to make it so . Such as when weak - minded people decide that the only acceptable attitude is a \" tolerance \" that involves acceptance of any new claim or idea as long as it does n't produce unpleasant emotional responses , then try to impose that attitude on others through social feedback ? "}
{"url": "http://www.theoldfoodie.com/2005/11/eating-flower-of-death.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162938.42/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00181-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Tuesday , January 5 , 2016 . When I started writing theNotice , I wanted to create a safe space . Its bread and butter has always been beauty content , but I wanted to create a blog where anyone could talk about the kinds of things you 're not \" supposed \" to talk about , in the comments or even by email . That 's why I 've covered everything from eating disorders to tampons to IUDs over the past eight years , and that 's why I 'm talking about relationships today . I have n't discussed everything in my life here on theNotice , and frankly it would be weird if I had , but I 'd like to be able to say that I have n't lied about anything , at least . So , for my first post of 2016 , here 's a little bit of honesty about my last boyfriend . When people ask you about your partner , I feel like there 's always pressure to give them the answers that they want to hear . To share super - cute anecdotes about the two of you ; to laugh coyly and lie about how good the sex is . It 's easy to champion how well your friends should be treated ( so well ! Like majestic unicorns ! ) , but it 's so much harder to say \" hey , the Nice Guy \u2122 that I 'm dating actually kind of treats me like trash \" to your mutual friends , hopefully - not - mutual family , and colleagues . Here is the other half of the story about my ex and I. . My ex was saccharine - sweet to me 99 % of the time , but he would also spit words at me and make me feel absolutely disgusting when he had had a bad day . He 'd use cute nicknames and tell me that he loved me , but he 'd guilt trip me for making him feel bad when I flinched away from contact . My ex would tell me that of course he worried about me , but he 'd follow it up with \" because nobody else in your life is going to . \" He would tell me that I was being unfair by asking him to see a therapist about his severe depression instead of unloading on me , and did I have any idea how much of a burden it was on him that I have a physical disability ? My ex would call me every night to ask me about my day , but he would also finger me so roughly that I would cry , and then fall into a funk for days over the fact that my crying made him feel \" useless . \" He would get so mad at me for having panic attacks that I would end up cowered in the corner of my bedroom trying to hide from him , and he 'd tell me that I was being unfair , because it 's not like he was hitting me . \" Even if your relationship could be worse , that 's not an excuse . \" The # 1 thing that stopped me from saying anything bad about my relationship is a universal of ( too ) many other relationships : I was embarrassed to admit that I let someone else treat me like that . But you know what ? If someone else is being a dick , that 's not on you . Not even if you covered for them in the past . But the other thing that stopped me was the knowledge that my relationship was n't as bad as many others are . What I 've come to realize over the past 10 months , however , is that even if your relationship could be worse , that 's not an excuse for the ways in which it sucks . I also spent a lot of time excusing him for things because , well , I honestly do n't think that he had any idea that the way he was treating me was wrong . But just because someone does n't consciously decide to be cruel , that does n't make their actions any less terrible , and I 've slowly come to remember that your partner 's ignorance should NOT excuse their actions . \" If something is unacceptable FOR YOU , then it 's unacceptable . \" There is a part of my brain that looks at this post and thinks no , you ca n't say that ; it 's unprofessional . It 's uncouth . But like - fuck that part of my brain . Fuck that part of all of our brains . I had no idea that my last relationship was messed up because no one ever tells you what level of anguish is unacceptable , so you know what ? I 'm going to talk about it . It 's not unprofessional : it 's necessary . As far as I 'm concerned , any level of cruelty high enough to cause mental distress is unacceptable . You 're not a checklist , you 're a person , and if it 's unacceptable for you , then it 's unacceptable . There is a wide margin between an abusive relationship and a healthy relationship , and if you fall short of a even just a passably good relationship - if your partner makes you stressed , sad , and unhappy - then yeah , I think you owe it your yourself to move on . I stayed with my ex because I thought that all relationships would be some degree of bad , and I was scared that nobody better would ever want me . Everyone has always told me that that was nonsense , because I 'm pretty and smart and blah blah blah , but have you met women in general ? They 're amazing . They 're all so gorgeous and intelligent and fucking funny , and most of them are n't permanently disabled - who would want me ? ( Lots of people , apparently . There are a lot of lonely people out there in the world . ) I gave myself three days to pick myself up off the floor after breaking off my super - fun two and a half year torture party , and then I got right back into the saddle & tried out my first - ever dating app . People seem to be hotter and younger on Tinder , for some reason , but more artsy / geeky on OK Cupid . I met my current partner on Tinder ! And I 'd tell you the full story , but it 's just not as funny unless we tell it together , so I will keep you in the dark on that for now . If you wanted an awesome conclusion to this post , I 'm afraid you 're out of luck . I am very small , and currently very sick . But I can tell you this : I wanted to share my story so that anyone out there needing to talk ( about something present or past ) would hopefully see this as a safe space , too . So for anyone who wants to weigh in , share stories , or get all academic on us - feel free to use the comments down below at any time when you want someone to listen . I do n't view the relationship I described here as abusive , but if you 're in a relationship where you feel mentally or physically unsafe , please , please , please check out the following resources to get help when you feel ready . The product : L'Amourose Rosa Rouge Rechargeable Heated G - Spot Vibrator . L'Amourose 's Rosa Rouge is , I think I can fairly say , a vibrator like no other vibrator that you 've ever tried before . Its shape , design , and heating element ( yes , you heard that right ) are entirely without compare , and the not - so - hidden tech geek in me gets a little thrill every time I pull this one out . The Rouge difference : What makes the L'Amourose Rosa Rouge so utterly unique is that it 's a heated toy . As in , \" designed to heat to a perfect 42 degrees Celsius , \" ( 104 - 107\u02daF ) which is a far cry from the usual , \" accidentally heats up sometimes during use , \" seen in most vibrators . An upgraded version of the brand 's un - heated Rosa vibrator - which is otherwise identical - the Rosa Rouge maintains a steady 40 - 42\u02daC ( normal internal body temp is about 37 degrees ) , warming up within a minute to skin temperature and reaching its final , toasty destination within 4 minutes . That said , however , the Rosa is lovely both in and externally . ( I guess 42 really is the answer to life , the universe , and everything . ) For those who have never experienced temperature play , I would absolutely urge you to ! For me , warm objects feel like satisfaction - not even sexual satisfaction , but like ... that feeling you get when you step into a hot shower on a cold day ; that 's just calm and quiet and good . Like a little moment outside of time , or a really great . The motor and settings : Umpfgh . Oh my god . You guys , the motor on this thing is so rumbly - like , MiMi Soft levels of rumbly , but without the rattling . It 's a constant , demure ruh - ruh - ruh , and it goes up HIGH , too : L'Amourose has tricked this baby out with a whopping 12 speeds and 9 vibrating modes . And y'know what ? I 'm usually a pattern - hater , but I have to give L'Amourose credit for these ones . They let you use only the internal or only the external motor ( yup , this vibrator has two motors ; it 's that high - tech ) , alternate between the two , or slide from one to the other in a slow , hypnotic transition . The motors totally are n't \" whisper - quiet \" as promised , but they 're still very quiet . Despite this being one of the most powerful vibrators I own , it 's near - silent under a blanket ! The design : Apart from a super - sexy , gemlike silhouette , the Rosa Rouge is equipped with all the good stuff , too . What makes the Rosa design truly brilliant , however , is the fact that , once inserted , it 's basically a hands - free toy . It pairs well with clit vibes like the We - Vibe Tango , but it stays in place easily on its own , too . And , finally , in terms of its g - spot design , I find the Rosa Rouge to have quite an intense curve to it . The flexible shaft keeps things relaxed , however , so no matter how filling it may be , the Rosa 's shape is never bruising or sharp . I find that it 's best used in a nudging / rocking motion ( like the Tex ) , and if I pair it with the Tango , I can get off in an unbelievably short timeframe - the two together are a dirty , efficient , mind - blowing dream . The verdict ? As a big fan of rumbly vibrations and temperature play , I ca n't not recommend the L'Amourose Rosa Rouge . It 's an absolutely beautiful piece of technology , covered in velvety - soft silicone , and it is by far my favourite internal vibrator . So ... my final recommendations . 3 + hours of near - silent play on a single charge . If you can do it , I say do it . Availability : $ 239.99 USD at SheVibe , or $ 179.99 USD for the non - heated Rosa ( currently available at SheVibe in Emerald or Cerise ) . The basics . This is the stuff that you can find anywhere on the internet , so I 'm going to gloss over it . Here are the basics on IUDs , as compared to each other and the pill - I 'm reviewing the Mirena ( hormonal ) IUD today , but the insertion process of a copper IUD is the same . As with any kind of birth control , IUDs do n't come without risks - and some of the rare side effects , like perforation or ovarian cysts , are very serious . So if you 're thinking about getting one , talk to your doctor and do a little bit of research on your own . I 'm an undergrad , for god 's sake . Do n't just take my word for it . Why I chose the IUD . Simply put : I really trust my OBGYN . I have had awful periods for most of my life , and oral contraceptives were n't working out for me - I could n't do continuous birth control , and it totally killed my sex drive . ( Plus , I have vestibulodynia , which is sometimes linked to the pill . ) ( PS : if you experience pain when inserting a menstrual cup -and I know many of you do - you probably have vestibulodynia to some degree . Talk to your gynecologist ; it 's usually very easy to treat ! ) Anyhow . My doc thought I 'd do a lot better with an IUD , and he 's amazing at his job , so I said okay . Most of the serious risks of an IUD occur during insertion , and this guy has done thousands without a single perforation or expulsion . What it 's like to have an IUD put in . NOT SO GREAT , YOU GUYS . I 'm going to be totally honest here , because it was n't comfortable , and the fear of not knowing was even worse than the insertion itself . Everyone says that getting an IUD is like a really bad period cramp , but everyone is LYING . It 's like a very sharp muscle knotting deep in your gut , and it feels really bad - but it 's definitely not the worst pain I 've ever been in . I 'd say it 's like stubbing your toe really hard , except instead of a toe it 's your cervix . So ... worse than most things , but extremely localized and very short - lived . Tuesday , December 9 , 2014 . This February , I introduced you guys to one of my favourite gadgets ever made : the Je Joue MiMi Soft . So , today ( you know , before the Christmas shipping deadlines ) , I thought I 'd show you a little bit more from the line . Je Joue is one of my all - time favourite tech brands -when you create a motor that rumbly , you get to be classed as a tech brand rather than a toy brand - and the Uma is no less well - made or well - packaged than the rest of the line . If your partner is still grasping at straws to try and find out what to get you this holiday season , send 'em this review and tell them to get you something from Je Joue . ( You 're welcome . ) Like the Je Joue MiMi Soft that I reviewed in February , Uma is 100 % waterproof , silicone , and rechargeable ( via two little magnetic charging points on the end , which also serve as insanely stiff + /- controls ) . It 's fully submersible for and features five vibration levels and six independently - controlled patterns . Why you want ... SILICONE - non - porous and completely stable , silicone toys wo n't leech chemicals into your body ( or trap bacteria beneath the surface ) . WATERPROOF - safe to use in the bath , and easy to soap up and clean thoroughly after every use . RECHARGEABLE - no additional costs over time ( basic AAA batteries are $ 12 for four ! ) , and they help keep used - up batteries out of landfills . If you look at it from the end , it looks a little bit like an adorably confused sloth . But unlike some other luxury brands , you really do get what you pay for with Je Joue : their silicone is flawlessly seam - free , and their battery holds a charge well over time . Uma comes inside of a sturdy , discreet set of boxes , and features the usual ruh - ruh - ruh - ruh - ruh Je Joue motor - which , yes , is just as strong , deep , and rumbly internally as it is externally . It 's gently curved and narrower in the centre , which never catches on the pubic bone ( ouch ) and gives a degree of maneuverability that I think most will appreciate . I mean , except for those who prefer extremely pinpoint g - spot pressure , though really , do those people even exist . ( I 'm just kidding ; those people do exist , and they should opt for the G - Kii instead . ) The verdict ? When it comes to sex toys , \" your mileage may vary \" is a term that ca n't be taken seriously enough - but things like aesthetics and quality are still irrefutable . I personally prefer Je Joue 's MiMi Soft ( $ 95 ) to the Uma , but I know some of you skipped the MiMi last year because you wanted an internal / external toy . For a discreet , rechargeable internal vibrator with a kickass motor , Uma is an awesome toy to have on hand ... but without Je Joue 's Soft finish , it 's just a nice - to - have , not a must - have . You definitely need at least one of the two , though , so choose as you will ! Availability : $ 109 USD at SheVibe ( US ) / $ 110 CAD at Come As You Are ( Canada ) / \u00a3 74.99 at Lovehoney ( UK ) with free delivery within the country at each . Special thanks to the ever - wonderful SheVibe for sending this in for review ! Remember to buy before the end of this week for delivery by the 25th . Monday , October 6 , 2014 . It 's been a while since our last Ladystuff instalment , so when I was contacted by Stayfree about their new Stayfree Challenge , I snapped up the opportunity in an instant . Fake - science that has to do with making periods less awful ? Count me in . This nine - step challenge requires bloggers to begin by laying out three pads : Stayfree 's new Ultra Thin pads ( about $ 7 USD/32 pads ) plus two unmarked competitors . Funnily enough , the two competitors are the exact two pads I was using before , so I recognized them pretty easily ! ( The yellow is Always and the white is Kotex 's Natural Balance Ultra Thin Regular with Wings . ) Once lined up , the challenge itself is pretty simple : you pour 5 ml of blue saline onto the centre of each pad , wait 30 seconds , then top each with a blotting sheet and 5 lb weight . ( The package all of this arrived in was so heavy , you guys . ) Then , five seconds later , all you have to do is remove each weight and blotting sheet . When I completed the challenge , I found that the Stayfree blotter was almost completely clean , with the Kotex blotter coming in second . What you ca n't see in the pictures is the texture of each pad , so I wanted to touch on that briefly , too . I found Competitor # 1 ( Always ) to be the stiffest , and Competitor # 2 ( Kotex ) pad the spongiest ; sort of like many layers of netting rather than a compressed stack of fibers . The Stayfree pad fell somewhere in - between - they were a little clunky but very soft , and I found them to be the most comfortable to wear out of the three . In conclusion ... . I do n't do a \" verdict \" section for sponsored posts , but I did want to wrap things up with a summary . Despite the fact that I did this challenge for fun , I actually got something out of the results - I found out that there 's something better out there than Always Infinity pads , and that something is Stayfree Ultra Thin . The Stayfree pads do n't just absorb better , but they also feel less like a manilla folder that 's been unfortunately positioned between your legs , so that 's a plus . Will I be making the transition to Stayfree in the future ? You bet your buttons I will . Or - I would ( I definitely , definitely would ) , but I found out a week after receiving this challenge in the mail that I do n't really , uh , have a period anymore ? "}
{"url": "http://www.digitalhimalaya.com/collections/journals/idea/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701158609.98/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193918-00240-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Seven Simple Solutions - but first - a story . It 's nice out , and I 'm tired of being inside and being angry . The philosophy of education can make my head hurt . And so can the low expectations of supposed liberals with limited agendas for change . So let me tell a short story first , and then repeat a few simple ways to begin changing possibilities . They come up to me , afterwards , and begin to ask all the questions they will not ask in front of others - not in front of their friends , surely not in front of their teachers . \" I want to be ... \" they begin , or , \" I want to go ... \" or , \" I want to do ... \" and then , \" How can I ? \" or , \" Is there a way ? \" or , \" Is there anything that can help me ? \" Every day they are measured by the ways that they can not be exactly like their teachers or those who rule the nation . They can not hear the same way . they can not see the same way . They can not walk the same way , or read the same way , or understand the same way . They might simply not be able to sit still the same way , or they may have been born into a culture that does not see the universe exactly in the same terms that Protestant White people do . And so , in ten , or eleven , or even twelve years they have received nothing but a list of their limitations . \" I want to be a pilot , \" a boy named Saddam says . \" I have been getting flight time with the father of a friend , I am getting very good , I have landed the plane myself already , but I can not read the Ground School books . \" I tell him we can get him software that can read these technical books to him . I give him the name of the software . I give him copies of my card and tell him to have both his school teacher and the Ground School to get in touch with me . And I work hard not to say the other things - that this software has been easily available for a dozen years , longer than he has been in school , but those in charge of his education have been too lazy and careless to get it for him . \" I have this phone , \" another boys asks , through a Sign Language interpretor . He holds up a smartphone , the basic lifetool for the deaf in the 21st Century . \" Can I get the school to let me use it in school and to unblock their computers so teachers can text message stuff to me ? \" And I suggest how he and his parents might argue for this . I send him links to the law , my computer to his phone . We talk by text for twenty minutes . I do not say that American institutions of secondary education - like the prisons they most closely resemble - are far more concerned with control and security than anyone 's learning - especially his . \" The electric door on the cafeteria broke last year and they say they 're still trying to fix it , and I ca n't get to the bathroom without announcing it and asking friends for help . \" Again , I bring up the law , and I quickly look up a local advocacy group and recommend it . \" They told me that I could n't become a paramedic because they would n't let me have a reader on the certification test . \" And all I can say is that , unless things change where he lives , that he may have to cross state lines to a \" higher rights \" state , or cross the border , which really is not far , and go to a more progressive nation . \" Do n't let being born here , \" I tell him , \" stop you . \" But I know that being born here can stop kids . It can stop them cold . It can stop them dead . America since the e lection of Ronald Reagan has fallen completely out of the top twenty major nations in social mobility . If you are born poor you will be poor . If you are born with a disability you will be uneducated and you will be poor . If your parents have not been to college you will not finish college . If you are born to the wrong zip code there is a 95 % chance that you will never succeed , if you even manage to live to age eighteen . But I can not say any of that right here . The people who have invited me are lovely . They are all on the right side . Thi s is not the place to begin a revolution . Those who make the rules that have crushed these children - they are not here . They are not listening . They are too busy handing their money to politicians who will guarantee the future of their tax breaks , too busy buying huge televisions and expensive cars , too busy making sure that neither their kitchen nor their bathrooms look anything but up - to - date . With all that to take care of , they have nothing to share with kids in need . story copyright 2007 - 2008 by Ira Socol . Seven Simple Solutions ( we have to start somewhere ) . Not to make the whole day depressing . Let me repeat a few simple solutions to the most common struggles I see among all kids in schools . Free solutions , and - yes , just so you can start a fight at your local school by quoting me - if your school does not have all these installed and/or linked on every computer - they are guilty of educational malpractice . They are guilty of deciding that access is not important . They are guilty of intentionally leaving children behind . No school official should ever be allowed to complain about the cost of accommodations until all the free stuff is installed everywhere in the school . If they start to complain , just tell them to shut up and start downloading . The Firefox Add - On from Charles L. Chen that makes text on - line accessible to almost every LD student and supports sight - word development . The brilliant simplicity of the three button toolbar , which can fit write into the Firefox bookmark bar or be presented larger separately , allows it to work for students with a very wide range of skills . When combined with Google Docs this system can even allow students to hear their own writing read back to them . It indicates misspelled words and misused words and links corrections to definitions . All you need is a link in your bookmark bar to give your students a real chance at spelling and correct word use . Full Measure 's PowerTalk is a brilliant solution for the visually impaired and the dyslexic . It reads the PowerPoint slides to you . AutoCorrect in Microsoft Word . Someone at the Szentannai Samuel Mezogazdasagi Szakkozepiskola Gimnazium Es Kollegium in Hungary was reading my post about mobiles in classrooms the other day . I thought , \" I would n't want to write or type that every day . \" Nor , of course , do I want to type the name of my university every time . So I use what 's built into Microsoft Word - the AutoCorrect feature . I 've created four to six letter \" quick key \" combos which result in commonly used names and phrases appearing in my Word docs . It is as easy as going into the \" Tools \" Menu , going to \" AutoCorrect Options , \" putting your quick key combination in the left box and the result you want in the right box . Instructions are here and here . And instructions for duplicating , transferring , or copying those lists are here . A complete graphing calculator for free , but that is n't what 's great . What 's great is that students who struggle to get maths written properly can simply grab the screen from Graph - Calc and paste it - calculations and/or graphs - right into a word processing document for homework , classwork , or tests . Great set of tools , Ira ! If you are n't already familiar with it , please check out Accessibar -- a free Firefox add - on providing a whole toolbar that facilitates internet access for individuals with low vision . There may still be a few bugs , but the developer continues to work on it . ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/4242 ) . The idea of an illiterate pilot or paramedic is absolutely frightening . How , for example , can an illiterate person give the right dosage of the right medicine in an injection ( \" Quick , inject 30 ccs of morphine ! \" \" Uhhhh .... which one of these is morphine and how can I tell what 30 ccs is ? \" ) And how is anyone who is illiterate supposed to make use of avionics ? ( \" United flight 2384 , this is O'Hare Flight Control . What is your altitude , over ? \" \" Uhhhhh .... Flight Control , this is United 2384 . I have no idea , over . \" ) Of course the comment above would be made anonymously , because it is so very cruel , so very uninformed - at the most basic level - and so very typical . How do you know what vial is what ? There are lots of ways to \" read \" and lots of ways to identify items instantly . But this \" anonymous \" would rather , I suppose , die than get help from a doctor or paramedic who worse eyeglasses ( exactly the same type / level of support we are discussing here ) . The same for a pilot . People can fly planes with all kinds of artificial assists - eyeglasses , hearing aids , speakers and headsets with volume controls , even digital readouts and warning horns which bring them information rapidly through a couple of different senses . All we are asking is for the same rights all the people this \" anonymous \" wants to call \" normal \" have . They , in fact , may not be \" normal \" at all . They may have weak vision . They may be too short . They might have less than perfect hearing . They may get headaches if they try to read whole books on a computer screen . They may not read Chinese well , or speak Hindi intelligibly . Careful \" Mr. or Ms. Anonymous \" - You want to limit possibility to those you deem \" perfect \" ? You might find yourself outside that definition all too quickly . Someone who is illiterate can not , for example , read a digital display or read the label on a vial . OK , now you 're just a \" victim . \" That 's cute . The oppressor claiming that \" we 're all out to get him . \" But ok , you poor abused person , please define \" reading . \" In your example , a person who needs glasses is exactly the same as the student I was discussing - without an assistive technology they can not get the information on a digital display or a label . But with it , they can . You just think that one kind of disability ( vision ) should be accommodated , while others should not . But thanks for linking me with \" educrats . \" They wo n't let me into their club , but I appreciate your efforts on my behalf . Do you honestly not know what reading means ? You 're presumably literate ... . Reading is the act of understanding written language . That you equivocate the wearing of eyeglasses with the inability to read is laughable . The wearing of eyeglasses does n't diminish one 's ability to read ( and , hence , one 's ability to succeed in modern life ) . And yes , you -- and those like you -- have a very solid grip on educational policy . You people are partially responsible for the dumbing down of standards throughout K--12 and higher education , especially in mathematics and the sciences . In fact , I just resigned my position as an assistant professor because people like you are rampant throughout the administration of the \" university \" at which I used to work . Well , I am thankful that you are no longer teaching . That 's a small victory . But let 's get exactly what you are saying . I 've never read any of the books I 've read by listening to them . I 've never passed any exam I 've taken with text readers . Blind people do not read at all - that 's impossible . You are a fool - and you are a bigot . And you can define neither illiteracy nor reading , which is sad . Reading is not \" the act of understanding written language \" - it is \" the act of understanding recorded language . \" And just as you might need help to read , say , ancient Persian texts ( perhaps a translator , perhaps eyeglasses ) , dyslexics need help with certain other texts ( perhaps a screen reader , perhaps a translator ) . But please - if you worked in a place where people like me are \" rampant \" could you please tell me where that is ? I sure ca n't find it . And I 'd love to , because , unlike you , I 'm not trying to limit human potential , I 'm trying to expand it . Ira , it 's a strong , well - written post . I think we 're experiencing the same professional weather right now in this system . Anonymous , as you note , has a very elementary definition of reading . We read all sorts of non - print texts as normal daily literacy . Some do it well , others naively . Some do n't even realize , apparently , that they do it at all . Again , enjoyed your ideas and prose . Sympathies for dealing with the anonymous ( they 're always anonymous ) troll . Ira - thanks for the insightful posts . Teachers trained in literacy learn that literacy is communication with language , both receptive - listening , reading - and expressive , speaking , writing . As you note , reading and writing fall into the \" recorded \" language category . indeed developing language and literacy . And , not only do we read words ; as you note , we read symbols- MacDonalds vs Burger King , etc . I also find that people read their own language more easily than that of others , so frequently students will be able to read their dictated language first . Or , adults may read fishing or dirt biking magazines before they can read other text outside their areas of interest and expertise . I really like that we have so many ways to access print available now -- the more support a person can use , the better \" readers \" they become . After all , education is supposed to be about developing our thinking ! expanding our knowledge ! I really enjoy your posts - always enlightening and thought provoking . I like what you said about whole - word recognition , as in my work with lots of dyslexic readers , I find that the currently research about phonological processing does n't seem to match my experience with lots of readers . people who never had problems learning to read , never had a child with that problem , never had a student with that problem ( or other LD issues ) are just not going to be as sympathetic to the problem- it is unreal to them . the solution is to make it real to them . i have n't read ' the drool room ' by ira socol yet , but that would be part of the solution if more people read it- just as helen keller illuminated what is was like to be blind and deaf . to others with no experience , it just seems that the curriculum is being dumbed down , that we are letting students get away with something , that we are not challenging them enough . i do n't think anger at these people is what i feel . i think it is just ignorance on their part- it 's not malicious . i change minds when i take over students other teachers have been unsuccessful with and get results with them . i do it on a small scale , but it works when they can compare the frustrated , angry , ' oppositional ' student before with the successful , outgoing , happy student after . just to add one thought to what i wrote above . how is it possible to have teachers who have been teaching for years and years and many of them still do n't want to recognize that LD 's really exist ? I know for a fact that there are teachers that think ADD really should read as ' Adults Do n't Discipline ' . my belief is that they are teaching large groups and do n't get to know , whether through a lack of time or sensitivity , the way their individual students process information . it 's like what the teacher / author frank mccourt who wrote ' angela 's ashes ' said to a new teacher once re how they will affect their students . he said : ' you wo n't know what you have done for them or to them . ' this quote to me says that throughout all his years teaching , mccourt does n't have a handle on how is has helped or hurt his students . this quote does n't apply as much to elementary school teachers , where i feel the real teaching usually gets done , but for the assesmbly line style of secondary ed , i think it does , and to a lesser extent for primary ed . i teach 1 to 6 students at a time usually , and many times as an esl / ell teacher i have my students for more than one year . i get to know them very well . i also have 2 children of my own , 10 and 12 years old . being so closely involved in the education of children across longer time spans i feel has given me more insight into how students process information than the average classroom teacher would have . that insight has to be brought to them artificially in the form novels ( the drool room ) , teacher training videos ( fat city ) , etc . teachers who love teaching and want to be better will soak up this info and it will have an impact . teachers who are burned out , never liked teaching that much anyway but ca n't find a better job , etc will not be responsive . Vera : Thanks for all of your thoughts . You 've already suggested two posts I want to write . Empathy is not easy , and teacher - training institutions rarely support it . We 're so concerned with \" techniques \" that we forget to listen to students . And thus we choose not to understand them , and choose not to give them what they need . I 'd love every pre - service teacher to read at least the first half of The Drool Room , but if I ca n't get that they at least must read Borderliners [ Hoeg ] and The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time [ Haddon]. If they ca n't decide that the kids in these 2 or 3 novels are ones they are willing to work with on the kids ' terms - they should not become teachers . About Me . Educator , Writer , Researcher , focused on Re - imagining Education in real environments , Postcolonial Educational Practice , Universal Design for Learning Technology , Historical Frame for Disability and Education , Disability Theory , Disability Education , Special Education Technology . Other interests , Irish Literature , Microfiction . Author : \" The Drool Room \" and \" A Certain Place of Dreams \" "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Tags/peter-sestoft?sort=rating&timebox=thisweek", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701147841.50/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193907-00308-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Review : Facebook All - in - One for Dummies . I use Facebook on a daily basis : for my Community Manager job at Burt 's , my personal profile and this blog 's Facebook fan page . This is Momcomm 's first review and as you know , I 'm pretty selective about anything I do on here . But I was asked to review this book and I really could n't say no . Why ? Out of the big old blogosphere , Melanie is one of the people I trust the most so I knew anything she wrote would be top notch . Melanie and I often chat about Facebook and I 've learned a lot from her . Now that I have this book , I 've learned even more ( you 'll see what I mean below ) . Here are my thoughts on Facebook All - in - One for Dummies by Melanie Nelson and Daniel Herndon . Who This Book Is For . As you all know , I 've been in marketing for over a decade . Social media is a part of marketing so naturally that 's where my career path has led me . As a marketer , I devour business - related books like a big nerd . But even if you are n't in marketing , you read this blog because you 're a blogger . So with that in mind , this book is for bloggers who : . Want to drive traffic to their blog through Facebook . Need to know the basics of setting up a fan page . Want to dig deeper into creating a robust fan page that gets engagement . Work ( or want to work ) as community managers or social media strategists for brands . Aside from blogging and marketing , this book is helpful when it comes to using your personal profile too . It covers the really basic things like setting up a page as well as more complicated things like adjusting your privacy settings ( which ya'll know can be a pain on Facebook ) . Six Books in One . This book is a whopping 577 pages of Facebook ! The All - in - One Dummies books are actually like little minibooks all rolled into one book . That means they can cover a lot of ground while still being detailed . I wanted to show you a little about each book . Book I : Creating a Personal Timeline . \" Rather than thinking of Facebook as a zero - sum game ( that is , you 're either in or out ) , we think of Facebook as a way to extend relationships . \" YES ! I really love this quote they use in the book . Personally , Facebook is a way for me to connect with people I might not otherwise connect with as well as to connect more often with people I connect with outside of Facebook ( like close friends and family ) . While this section covers a lot of things you already know as a savvy blogger , you 'd be surprised at all the privacy info and tips in here . This could come in handy not only for yourself but when your distant relative calls you with a Facebook question because \" you 're online a lot . \" I even learned a new term for something I knew about ( but did n't know there was an official word for ) : frictionless sharing . Book II : Connecting with Others . Book II gets into finer details about using Facebook such as tagging people and fan pages , interacting with others and understanding the Subscribe feature . Did you know you could shoot a video with Facebook 's app ? Cool right ? This section also goes over things like Events and Places , things that might be important for your own personal use . If you do social media for a brand , then you really need to learn about Events and Places ( especially if your brand has a local presence or a brick - and - mortar storefront ) . Book III : Connecting Facebook and Other Social Media . As a blogger , this section of the book is really juicy ( eww , did I just say \" juicy \" ? ) Seriously , if you 're looking to get more Facebook savvy , read this part from start to finish . Some sections include : . Understanding what social media means to marketers . Using Facebook social plugins . Using Facebook badges for social proof . Automating Facebook to achieve marketing goals . Setting up notifications for individual fan page timelines . Avoiding automation blunders . Now you see why I called this section \" juicy \" ? Book IV : Building a Fan Page Timeline . When it comes to building a fan page , this section rocks . Not only does it walk you step by step in creating a fan page , it covers everything from creating a nice looking Facebook page and using Offers and Deals to using Facebook as your fan page and advice on how to address negative comments . It 's also great reference if you need to educate clients on how Facebook works . And in the chapter on Creating Shareable Content , they cover way more than I ever could in Day 4 of Content Brew . ( And my blog logo is on page 363- woohoo ! ) Oh and I had an ah - ha moment when I read the part about ensuring your fan page times is optimized for search engines . Why did n't I ever think to consider this ? ! Book V : Marketing Your Business on Facebook . As a blogger , you realize that you 're a marketer too , right ? That 's how you bring in blog traffic and accomplish other blogging goals . Book V covers it all when it comes to marketing : types of Facebook campaigns , what EdgeRank is , how to run Facebook ads , creating apps for your page , understanding Facebook promotion rules and more . If you work with brands in any capacity , you need to educate yourself on all of this . Many brands themselves do n't understand the rules ( do n't even get me started ) so it 's up to you to educate them if need be . Book VI : Developing Facebook Apps . This section gets really technical and is for those who want to develop actual Facebook apps ( rather than an app that 's a tab on your page ) . As a blogger you probably wo n't need this section but I find it interesting to look through . You never know when you might be working with a company who wants you to manage the development of an app or at the very least provide input regarding an app being developed for them . How to Use the Book . Dummies books are made to be used as a reference book . While you can certainly read them front to back , the super - detailed Table of Contents and the robust Index make it easy to find what you 're looking for . If you saw my copy of this book , you 'd see little colored flags sticking out of it . Get some stickies or flags and mark sections or pages that you want to reference again . Best thing ever . Keep this book on your shelf near your computer so you have it handy when you need it . I find myself reaching for this book rather than Googling something just because I do n't have to sift through a bunch of crummy sites to find the answer . I trust Melanie so I use this book like my Facebook handbook . Where to Buy . You can find Facebook All - in - One for Dummies at most bookstores and of course online at places like Amazon . Price : $ 29.99 . Bottom Line . This book 's a keeper . Like I said , I have marked pages all throughout the book . While I consider myself Facebook - savvy , I learned a great deal of new things in Facebook All - in - One for Dummies . As a blogger , this book is worth the investment if you want to use Facebook to its fullest potential ! Hi Emily- The book was published before the algorithm change but it still tells you the factors that make up an Edgerank score ( it just might be that they type of post may weight differently ) . It does talk about reach and the \" talking about this \" metric . Hope that helps ! thanks for the review , this is definitely something I need to read . I have a personal blog but also run a contributor site and in need of unlocking the Facebook \" mysteries \" that apply beyond my personal Facebook know - how . blogging resources galore . As Seen on TV ! ( I mean the Internet ) . My Time - Saving Pin Scheduler : . I wrote this ! Categories . Categories Select Category 10-Minute Touch Up Blog Design Blogging Blog Functionality Blog Strategy Blogging Tools Building Content Critiques Increasing Blog Traffic Monetizing Your Blog News & Announcements Social Media Facebook Instagram Periscope Pinterest StumbleUpon Twitter Uncategorized . Archives . My Popular Series . Do n't Be a Meanie . Disclosure , Yo ! Some of the links on this site are affiliate links but trust me , I 'm super picky about what I link to . I wo n't lead you to weird stuff- just things to make your bloggy life more awesome . Full Privacy Policy and Disclosure . Archives . "}
{"url": "http://www.blogto.com/city/2014/05/will_ttc_subways_ever_run_really_late_into_the_night/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701163663.52/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193923-00153-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "There is something about the air in America that seduces the senses . To those who have never been to the land of milk and honey , the scent one encounters in opening the ubiquitous balikbayan box ( Filipino care packages ) is a close proxy . It is intoxicating , tempting and proven to induce reckless behavior among even the well - intentioned foreigner , even serious academics . During the orientation for Philippine Fulbright grantees in 2009 , one message was driven home like a hammer : there is no way around the two - year home residency requirement attached to a US exchange visitor ( J1 ) visa . Not even marriage to a US national would waive this requirement . This point had to be made because the grantees included young academics , particularly women , who on record seem to be more prone to romantic liaisons while abroad ( myself included ) . The spectre of Fulbright grantees violating their visa terms is a serious concern for an institution whose thrust is to encourage people to go back and contribute to their country 's betterment . Academics are no exception to the hordes of Filipinos wanting to immigrate to the US to get a job ( any job ) that brings one closer to the middle class aspiration of a home , car / s and a 401k . Even the most ardent nationalists quickly realize how hopeless the Philippines is after spending some months abroad . No blackouts , free wifi , relatively cheap food , travel opportunities , all those green bucks- at some point one gets seduced by the idea of a First World lifestyle . When the built - in - support network of US - based relatives is added to the mix , Filipinos get braver in facing visa violations . It 's easy to be convinced by kin who tell you that it 's sheer stupidity to return to poverty back home . To my home university , this brain drain has exacted a heavy toll . I know of at least 8 faculty members who were sent to obtain graduate degrees in the US , Canada and Australia and who have never returned . They disappeared from the grid as soon as they found a foreign citizen they could marry or as fast as their spouses or children could obtain dependent visas . No shame in stringing the university with false promises of returning after completing their degrees . No honor in turning their backs against the tens of thousands of dollars that the university spent to support their studies . No guilt over the thought that they have singlehandedly blacklisted other faculty members from ever being considered for future grants , given the stigma of their institutional affiliation . To American Ph.D. holders who lament the dearth of tenure - track positions and the growth of adjuncts , the case of Filipino academics who reneged on their promises to their home universities but went on to establish successful academic careers in the US presents an interesting juxtaposition . How should their personal choices of economic betterment be weighed in against our ( Philippine ) values of honor and debt of gratitude ? Is individual scholarship more important than the ethical / moral obligation to the collective ? Do US universities even consider these points when hiring ? Case in point : A Filipino - American scholar , who unbeknownst to me was a reneging fellow from our Fisheries College , was to deliver a lecture under Fulbright auspices at our university . My colleagues from the Fisheries College raised a ruckus about this and boycotted the event . I also learned that the same colleagues rejected his earlier request for my university to be his Fulbright host institution . Clearly , this person is either insensitive , had permanent amnesia that he has legal obligations with my university or worse , totally convinced that his stellar scholarly achievements in the US would conveniently make up for his past unethical conduct . I tend not to fault people for their \" lapses of moral judgment \" but with reneging Philippine academics , I take exception . Professional success is never a good substitute for a clean conscience , particularly in the business of \" professing . \" When I was dating my husband , I told him unequivocally that if he married me , he 'd have to relocate to the Philippines permanently . It was non - negotiable . I take pride in being the Fulbright Philippines ' poster girl of an academic who returned home and never regretted it . I am writing from my balcony , lit by the last rays of the sunset . It is almost 10:30 pm . Late sunsets are one of the unique beauties of the Swedish summer . With a bit of help from the weather gods , I will be sailing for the next few weeks along the Southern coast of Sweden , away from my office , my students and my coworkers . This picture is very familiar to most academics based in Scandinavia and I would guess a very close approximation of what vacations look like in other parts of Europe , perhaps less sailing , but definitely a lot of travel . Either on private trips or to conferences , European academics tend to be away from their desks during the summer . The university calendar allows for a combination of hard work and periods of recovery , a welcome change from the rhythm of a packed schedule during the rest of the year . When I was attending graduate school in the US , I realized that the idea of a summer vacation was a strange concept for many Americans . Academics in the US seemed to spend much more time at their work in comparison with the Europeans . I always wondered why this difference existed . It appears to me that having the time to relax and change the pace is a good move not only on a personal level but also for one 's intellectual performance , creativity and energy necessary for teaching . Why is there such a difference in the approach to vacations on the opposite sides of the Atlantic ? And what do vacations look like in other parts of the world ? Seasonal rhythms in the academy have been discussed in the blogosphere , both by Kris Olds at GlobalHigherEd and in our own pages ( from Meg and from Heather ) . Academics must have an eye on the future at all times . Vacation is a time off from this and the benefits of a regenerative period are hard to challenge . Beyond the personal level , the difference in vacation times is consequential in today 's globalizing of higher education . How do institutions with different schedules cooperate ? How are their expectations aligned when employees must collaborate during the summer time ? I have found that there can be difficulties in gathering interest among French professors to teach courses in August . How are international students ' own expectations met during exchange programs or semesters abroad ? An American student would find it confusing when she did not receive an answer to her questions emailed to a Swedish administrator during the month of July . The globalization of higher education pushes for more coordinated procedures ruling the academic seasons . A downside of this harmonization may be that it will involve not only synchronized vacation periods but also a drastic reduction of such holidays . We might simply have to work all the time in order to fit the various schedules of our international partners . July may be the classical free time for a Swede but if she has to cooperate with colleagues in a Japanese or an Australian university , she will have to be accessible during the active seasons of their universities . We have to be \" always on , \" always available and have calendars that are flexible enough to fit the global networks within which we participate . Is it the case then that academics simply can not leave their jobs behind for a little while ? While this debate is going on , I will lean back and enjoy the evening sky . Going global seems to be on my mind these last couple of weeks . Denise 's post from earlier this week talked about the challenges and rewards of taking a group of undergraduate students to Indonesia and helping them to deal with culture shock . Meg 's post from Wednesday focused on bringing international students to the U.S. The big international education conference in the U.S. - NAFSA 2010 - starts this weekend in Kansas City . Last week Harvard Business Review published a blog post on leadership and the global mindset . The week before , both Michelle Obama 's commencement speech at George Washington University and Martha Nussbaum 's speech at Colgate College touched upon the need to push ourselves to a global level of humanistic compassion and understanding . Below , a video of Michelle Obama delivering her speech to the GWU crowd on the National Mall : . In her speech , Dr. Obama stressed the following in relation to globalization : . That we are no longer isolated from what happens on the other side of the world . That it 's in our best interest to look beyond our immediate self - interest , and look out for one another globally . That so many of today 's challenges are borderless , from the economy to terrorism to climate change , and that solving those problems demands cooperation with others . Everyone 's talking global . Everyone 's going global . Or maybe not - reports from Canada and community colleges in the US stress that not everyone has the financial means to study abroad . Michelle Obama referenced her own working - class background in her speech , stating that : \" I grew up in a blue - collar neighborhood on the South Side of Chicago , where the idea of spending some time abroad just did n't register . \" Neither she nor her brother studied abroad . The focus was on getting in , getting through , and moving on . Obama 's story is an American story . Study abroad is still viewed as a luxury to many in the U.S. , particularly for the non - traditional students who make up over 70 % of those studying at higher ed institutions . We need to find a way to help all of our students go global . However , before we throw money at helping more students study abroad , I think we need to think seriously about what it is we want our students to achieve . We need to do what higher education in the U.S. often fails to do : we need to think about outcomes . Is the overriding goal of study abroad the goal of achieving a global mindset ? I would argue that at some level , it is . While the global mindset from the HBR blog focuses on leadership , I think it is pretty relevant within the framework of higher education . I think we owe it to our students and ourselves to focus on facilitating their growth ( and our own ) through the development of a global mindset . According to Mansour Javidan at the HBR blog , people with Global Mindsets are : . Passionate about diversity and are willing to push themselves . Comfortable with being uncomfortable in uncomfortable environments . Better able to build trusting relationships with people who are different from them by showing respect and empathy and by being good listeners . In her commencement speech at Colgate , Martha Nussbaum focused on the importance of liberal arts and the ways in which the current economic crisis threatens the future of the Humanities and the Arts . I interpret Nussbaum as saying that one of the ways of achieving a Global Mindset is a continued focus on liberal arts : . Although they may be on opposite sides of debates on capitalism I think both Javidan and Nussbaum are headed in a similar direction , a global direction . This type of thinking needs to inform higher education 's production of globally competent students - students who are prepared to lead , work , and live in a global world . The study abroad programs that our institutions endorse should provide a diverse student body , should force our students outside of their comfort zones , and should teach them to listen with empathetic ears . If you are sending your students abroad , make sure the host institution is not filled with students who speak the same language and who are from similar backgrounds . If you are going with your students , make sure they do more than visit the museums . Get them off the tourist routes , make them speak the language , force them out of their comfort zones . And if they ca n't afford to go abroad , find ways to expose them to similar experiences in - country . I have helped non - traditional students find local immersive experiences - teaching ESL to a group of local Somali women , helping recent Haitian immigrants relocate , etc . I have found that is pretty easy to force American students out of their comfort zones - so , LET 'S DO IT ! As a student , what got you out of your comfort zone ? If you are a teacher , what has worked with your students ? I am writing this from a beautiful terrace overlooking tropical gardens and rice paddies . I 've spent a day walking around in the sun , smelling the good smells of Southeast Asia - in fact , all my favorite smells , because Southeast Asia is one of my favorite places to be . I love the noise , the people , the bugs , the geckos in my bathroom , the sweat rolling down my back , and taking off my shoes when I go inside . I love the food , especially the unexpected green chili masquerading as a green bean that makes you choke and then cry like a baby . I love Thailand , where I learned a lot about myself , fell in love , and think about all the time . But I 'm in Bali , Indonesia , not Northern Thailand , where I expected to be this week and for the next five weeks . When the Thai army began firing on the Red Shirt protesters who had encamped in central Bangkok , things changed quickly . The university deemed the situation too unstable to take students there , and I did n't want to disappoint them . I moved an entire program - with 26 students enrolled - to Bali , a place I 'd never been to , trusting an organization I 'd never worked with . Leaps of faith are pretty typical with me , but this was a big one . I am asking my students to make that leap , too , and it 's a burden of responsibility that weighs heavily with me . When I travel with students , I 'm the person they turn to when things do n't make sense : How did I offend that person ? How do I ask for what I need ? What is this strange rash ? But more often , it 's the effects of culture shock and growing up that become most pronounced for them , and I 've watched it so many times it 's almost predictable . I 've seen the cocky , cool kid break down and cry with frustration . I 've watched whole groups of students turn on a student whose cultural insensitivity was shocking . I 've seen young men and women blossom into amazing adults who 've suddenly realized their own capabilities . They are annoying , whiny , pouty , beautiful and magnificent . I know that things will work out here - Bali is beautiful , and some of the things I love about Thailand are here , too , even the geckos . I will get over the disappointment of not seeing my friends this year , and I will get over the heartbreak of watching Thailand rip itself apart . I will remember , too , that my students , every day , at some level , will be asking themselves \" how did I get here ? \" I may not really know that answer , myself , but I think Bali will tell us . There is some frustration involved in managing an international master 's program . Yes , frustration , and that is the least said . I wish I could have written the fulfilling or the rewarding or the exciting process of going through hundreds of student applications and ranking them and so on , but \" frustrating \" remains the most appropriate epithet . The frustrating part comes from not being able to appropriately provide answers , solutions to these great students ' questions . Sweden is going through a revolution of its higher education . From next year on , tuition fees will be introduced for all non - EU students - this is the first time higher education is treated as a service for the rich and not as a human right . Already last year , the Swedish Migration Board toughened the criteria for obtaining a student visa . If admitted to a two - year program , a non - EU student must demonstrate they possess on their personal account ( no sponsorship allowed ) 146 000 Swedish crowns , which is about 15 000 euro . That is a lot of money to own as a 23-year old , would n't you say ? Migration rules and tuition fees combined make studying in Sweden practically impossible for regular people from outside the European Union . Lots of \" no \" and lots of limits to the capacities to change the system . If students are going to invest so much money and effort to come here and be a part of our education , I feel under a very strong pressure to deliver excellent results that would make it all worth the trouble . And this is the problem when one looks at higher education in business terms , as a service that is bought by students . One 's pedagogical and academic work is being judged by criteria outside the academia - \" return on investment \" and \" job with an international company \" are not usually part of my world . On the contrary , if university studies are seen as a natural right for personal development and enrichment , the measure of success would be different : fulfillment , learning , inner satisfaction , capacity to select , process and criticize information , higher creativity . Sweden was the last haven of the perspective of the academia as a right . Now , like pretty much everywhere else , a university diploma is not a step towards intellectual development and learning , but a business purchase , something between a Louis Vuitton bag and 10 000 worth of shares at the London Stock Exchange . This is particularly important as countries such as the US ramp up their recruitment of international students in hopes of diversifying their student body and revenue base . I include revenue here because higher education is a business . While we know that our institutions focus on teaching , research , students , and faculty , we need to be more open about the fact that they also focus on generating revenue . Perhaps this is most obvious in the US , where some private institutions are now charging upwards of $ 40,000 a year . In the world of international education , one of the more controversial issues in academic institutions in the US is the use of agents . What I want to address in this post is how the use of agents in the recruitment of international students brings together an interesting mix of : . a denial of academia 's pursuit of profits witnessed through the ethical concern over commission - based recruiting . a xenophobia or prejudice against international agents and students . Scholars of racism and sexism know that certain events and processes create situations where prejudice becomes more explicit and obvious . In my experience , the practice of contracting agents is one of those processes . Discussions over the process of contracting agents to recruit international students have facilitated some of the most open prejudice I have witnessed in academia . The agents are often from Asia and the Middle East and are rarely white men recruiting white students . Agents are human - some may be unethical but many are just as talented and amazing as our very best admissions folks . The people in admissions and recruitment do many things but one thing they do particularly well is sell our institution for us . Agents are experts in their countries and regions and we pay them to sell our institutions on our behalf . Just as we work hard to hire the best admissions counselors and recruiters , we should also choose to work with the best agents . Agents are interested in assisting prospective students in finding a good institutional fit . These agents know that their reputation depends on that good fit . They want the student to attend the institution , successfully graduate from the institution , and return to their home country to move on to further success . They are not trying to talk people into applying to institutions just so they can get a commission . The horror stories of a bad fit can ruin their reputations and the reputations of the agencies they work with . I am always surprised to hear otherwise intelligent people use illogical arguments to support their views against recruiting international students . These same individuals are even more vehemently opposed to the use of agents in this recruitment . In these discussions , it is assumed that : . documents have been forged , . students have cheated on tests , . students have attended suspect institutions , and . agents have coerced students into applying and have taken their money . agents have lied to students and are generally untrustworthy . The unspoken assumptions that support and fuel this prejudice are : . domestic students do not forge documents , . do not cheat on tests , . attend reputable institutions and . do not work with fee - charging counselors who help them write their essays and prepare for their interviews . Obviously , some students are honest and some are not . This is true for both domestic and international applicants . If we assume that the domestic applicants and their counselors are being honest , we must make the same assumption for international applicants and their agents . We should not insult the rest of the world by using the trump cards of ' ethics ' and ' quality ' as justification for the practice of prejudice . Aleem , Zeesha . \" The Changing World of International Recruitment . \" AACRO Transcript ( interesting comments ) link here . Clark , Nick . \" The Use of Recruiting Agents in the United States \" March 2010 . World Education News and Reviews link here . De Luca , Marisa . \" ' Agent ' - A Dirty Word ? \" Institute of International Education website - link here . Redden , Elizabeth . \" Not - So - Secret Agents \" June 10 , 2009 . Inside Higher Ed website - link here ( good article and many comments ) . Steinberg , Jacques . \" Before College , Costly Advice Just on Getting In . \" July 18 , 2009 . New York Times online - link here . Steinberg , Jacques . \" For Hire for Hundreds of Dollars , or Thousands , Independent Counselors Proliferate . \" July 18 , 2009 . New York Times online - link here - blog post to accompany article with over 300 comments from readers . SUNY Becomes Host to the American International Recruitment Council Secretariat . Jan 31 , 2010 - press release - link here . AACRO Proposed Standards - response from AIRC President and Chairman link here . This past week the British Council gathered more than 1,200 delegates for Going Global , the UK 's international education conference . One of the more interesting discussions to come out of this conference was an attempt to define what it is that makes a university \" truly globa l \" . Some points from the presentations : . Opening branch campuses around the world ( typically in non - Western locations ) . Brokering partnerships with foreign universities . Developing and implementing a curriculum that focuses on global preparedness . It is this last point that I am most interested in discussing in today 's post . With regards to globalizing the university , the undergraduate requirements for graduation are one of the more difficult areas to target for rapid change . Changes to the curriculum and requirements often involve faculty votes and occur incrementally ( meaning very slowly ) . First , we need to come to consensus on what we mean by a global world . This global world always seems to be envisioned as anywhere but here . I would argue that we are much more likely to otherize and exoticize the global world than our students are . They probably think that they are part of the global world . Why is our location , our standpoint NOT part of the global world ? Why do we stand here and look THERE ? Additionally , each academic discipline approaches a concept such as a \" global world \" from a radically different perspective . Once we have thought long and hard about an interdisciplinary definition of \" global world \" ( one that includes business and engineering not just the humanities and social sciences ) , then we have to be equally honest with ourselves about our goals for our students . Although most agree theoretically / intellectually that we need to prepare our students for this world , there is little agreement on what that translates into for requirements for actual students , TODAY . When we say that we want to prepare them for a global world , what exactly do we mean ? For most of us , our students already have HUGE advantages over the majority of the population on this planet . So , are we teaching them how to capitalize even further on their advantages as privileged agents of neoliberalism ? Or , do we have a social justice mission ? Do we try to instill in them some sort of obligation to leverage their privilege , advantage , and knowledge to make changes for the better . How do we do this and who gets to define what \" better \" means ? If we are serious about giving students the tools they need to succeed in today 's world , we need to be serious about rethinking our curriculum and our requirements . We need to move beyond viewing international education as a revenue generator and/or a marketing ploy . We should begin by thinking critically about our definitions of the world and by being honest with ourselves and our students about the \" real \" world - the one where we live and where we can make a difference . Is there a sweet spot between values and money ? Can one feel financially secure and also feel like they are living a life that is true to their values ? In last week 's posts several writers addressed a range of issues that can be brought together under the umbrella of making tough decisions . Whether we call it idealism , balance , or compromise - each of is searching for a way to live a meaningful and fulfilling life while continuing to earn enough money to pay the bills . Meaning and fulfillment are derived from an endless array of sources . For some of us , it is the joy of teaching and having intense , life - changing interactions with students . For others , it is having the power to make decisions that impact people 's lives in positive ways . For some , it is the freedom of autonomy , spontaneity , and the thrill of new experiences . For others , it is the security and comfort of a partner and/or children and connections to a local community . In life , I have found that none of these are mutually exclusive and that they morph and blur over time . We desire meaningful and creative work in an environment where we are encouraged to strive for intellectual and artistic breakthroughs . Too often , this type of work does not pay the bills , does not get published , does not earn funding , is not commercially successful . So , we are forced to strike a compromise , find a sweet spot - or a bittersweet spot - between what we want to do , what we are able to do , and what we need to do . Personally , I find that resistance is crucial to living with compromise . Resistance in our day - to - day lives takes many forms , ranging from leading formal protests like sit - ins and marches to a daily refusal to let your family be negatively impacted by your job to a life - time of refusing to create art that may be commercially successfully but soulless . Along with Itir , I feel that I have moved from realism to idealism . In my 40s , I have gained a sense of responsibility for taking risks , for giving back , for making change happen , for making fewer compromises . And as Meg reminded us , making a compromise is doing what we know is wrong . I do n't know about you but I can only do that so many times a day before it begins to have a negative impact on my soul , my creativity , my sense of self . I believe that a rapidly increasing globalization has forced a change that looks like a crisis to some and a brighter future to others . I believe that our most radical and creative solutions can be found amidst the upheaval of chaos . Welcome to the February 15 , 2010 edition of Happy Mondays here at the University of Venus . What caught my eye ( along with my mind and heart ) last week was news from the UK , the US , Australia , and Canada on international students as revenue generators . Why do universities recruit international students ? Money - the primary consideration is financial . Higher education is big business and the profit margin - the ROI - is the overriding motive . Senior leaders are pretty open about the link between international recruitment efforts and revenue . The International Association of Universities ( IAU ) recently announced a new service assisting institutions in internationalization efforts . One of the services they offer is helping institutions develop \" marketing approaches to attract more exchange or fee paying international students . \" In the current economic climate , universities in the US , the UK , Canada , and Australia are \" desperate \" to recruit full - paying students and for many , international students represent a growing market . According to Stephen Connolly , higher education is Australia 's third - largest export earner at 17 billion employing over 100,000 people . ( see Connolly 's article here ) . Similarly , Nicholas Keung reports that international students created 83,000 jobs for Canadians last year with students contributing $ 6.5 billion to the local economy . ( see Keung 's article here ) . So , not only has globalization brought a \" free trade of minds \" to higher education but also a free trade of wallets . Generally , anyone who can pay their way is welcome . The financial winner is the country with the least barriers . In higher education , this has been Australia . However , \" winning \" has its consequences as witnessed by the rash of attacks against Indian students / taxi - drivers in Australia . ( see Ziguras 's excellent post on the GlobalHigherEd blog ) . I would add to that - Institutions also need support in understanding these differences . If we do not change the mindset of the faculty and staff at the universities recruiting international students , we will not create an environment that facilitates the success of the students . If faculty and staff do not embrace international students as part of their core constituency , the students will not succeed . International students typically move halfway around the globe , leaving their support structures of friends and family thousands of miles away . We become their new home - their new family and friends . If we do not work on changing the mindset of the cities and countries receiving these students , we are creating an environment filled with \" big problems \" - a xenophobic society filled with hate crimes . As a society , we have an obligation to see international students as more than revenue generators . If we bring them here , we have an obligation to embrace them . While the IAU is willing to help institutions attract \" fee paying international students \" their focus should also be on helping institutions develop the capacity for ensuring the success of those students . I believe that we are obligated to facilitate the success of all of our students , not just our domestic students . They are more than merely revenue - generators ; they are human beings making decisions that will impact the rest of their lives ... and ours ! Every Monday I will cover some of the highlights from the prior week 's news in higher ed . 2010 Vision . ( see Levin and Wildavsky below ) . Communication and the exchange of knowledge between Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut and Tsinghua University in Beijing , China is more common than that between Yale and UNH . ( an elaboration on Saskia Sassen ) . The impact of a global knowledge economy / the \" free trade of minds \" is radically different for faculty and students at an institution like Yale than it is for faculty and students at a place like UNH . ( think trickle - down education theory ) . In the UK , tuition is increasing as access is being restricted . Survival is the name of the game . Countries like China , South Korea , Singapore , and India implement the best lessons learned from American and British higher education in an environment where they are supported by their national governments and by societies that value education . Institutions in the U.S. and the U.K. look for ways to increase revenue without losing customers and focus on survival of individual institutions rather than on radically reinventing higher education . Higher education is big business . Like housing before it , higher education is currently in a boom phase and headed towards an inevitable bust . 2020 Vision . Imagine a world where ... . Hundreds of non - elite institutions like UNH \" go out of business \" and for - profit institutions focused solely on teaching occupation - related \" real world \" skills take their places . Tenure is eliminate d and full - time tenured / tenure - track faculty members are replaced by part - time adjunct instructors . ( see NY Times article here ) . Students are customers and institutions define education as what students want today rather than what they need or what society needs for tomorrow . ( see NY Times article here ) . The measure of an institution 's success is their job placement rate rather than their graduates ' capacity for critical thinking . I send my son Jack to Tsinghua University in Beijing because in less than fifteen years it will be the best education he can get - if they accept him -and it is \" where the puck is going to be . \" Radical solutions ? See the comments below . This is the first in a series of Happy Mondays posts by Mary Churchill . Check back here next Monday for further insights on the crisis in higher education and predictions for a radically different future . Levin , Richard C. February 1 , 2010 . The Rise of Asia 's Universities . Speech delivered by Yale 's President - Richard C. Levin - at The Royal Society in London , England . ( Levin makes reference to Wildavsky in his speech ) "}
{"url": "http://blog.bpl.org/lifeonline/index.php/tag/privacy-settings/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701151789.24/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193911-00151-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "metro mama . Thursday , May 31 , 2007 . May ROFL Awards . It 's the first Friday of the month , and that means it 's time to chortle . My nomination is for Chris who is holding down the fort for Kgirl this week . Actually , all of his posts are very funny but I had to choose one . So , for those of you at work on this fine Friday , stop facking the dog and read some funny blogs . For those who are n't at work , put off those errands a little longer , give Johnny some toys to amuse himself with ( independent play is good ) , relax and read . You can also catch the awards over at my lovely co - host 's Mrs. Chicky . Wednesday , May 30 , 2007 . A Bloody Good Time ! When I was twelve , my very favourite movie was Sam Raimi 's 80 's cult classic , The Evil Dead . My best friend and I watched it over and over , scared shitless every time . Ten years later , I still loved the film for its camp quality . So when I heard the musical version was coming to town , I was dying to see it , and was lucky to score comp tickets . Jana and I made a night of it - we met up before the show at one of my favourite places in Toronto , the Black Bull patio , for a dinner of potato skins and beers . Then we headed to the Diesel Playhouse , a very cool theatre , where I was transported back in time - Whitesnake was playing on the sound system , and the bar menu boasted all my old favourites , like Killer Koolaid and Long Island Ice Tea . We opted for the ice tea ( wicked strong ) and found our seats , which were perfect -- third row , just on the periphery of the \" splatter zone \" ( more on that later ) . The show , a fusion of the two Evil Dead movies and Army of Darkness , is a blast . The musical numbers are hilarious , with original songs including , \" What the Fuck Was That ? \" , \" What a Stupid Bitch \" and my favourite number , complete with eighties dance moves a la Thriller , \" Necronomicon \" . The characters announce their changeover to the demon world with eerily effective masks , and the catchy little ditty , \" Look Who 's Evil Now ! \" Ryan Ward is perfection as Ash ( played by Bruce Campbell in the film . Speaking of Bruce Campbell , if you have n't seen Bubba Ho - tep , you simply must . Take my word for it ) . The role of Cheryl ( the demon in the cellar ) is played by a fabulous Rachel Fischer - she is actually quite scary . Our seats were right in front of her trap door and she kinda freaked me out . We 'd heard rumours of a \" splatter zone \" , so we were n't surprised when , during intermission , they handed out ponchos for the two rows in front of us ! I tingled with anticipation when Ash fired up his chainsaw . A little while later , I cheered and laughed as blood , limbs and organs started flying everywhere , and I just rescued my drink in time before our table and laps were drenched in the sticky stuff . Whoot ! Whoot ! The show 's on until June 23 and you can buy tickets here . So go , get your tickets , not another peep ! Tuesday , May 29 , 2007 . Summer With a Toddler . Though it 's only May , I 've come to the conclusion that summer with a two - year - old is much more fun than summer with a one - year - old . Here 's why : . \u00b7 Now that Cakes is walking and climbing like a monkey , I no longer have to walk around bent over , holding her hands and hovering all the time . Instead , I can sit on a park bench , work on my tan and chat with people , giving Cakes the occasional wave and thumbs up ( I do however , have to keep an eye on the gate - she likes to try to escape . ) \u00b7 We can kick the soccer ball around . \u00b7 Instead of chucking her hat every time my back is turned , this year she loves wearing hats and insists on choosing one herself . When I forget to bring one , she 's pissed at me . \u00b7 She loves to water my plants for me . \u00b7 She 's warming up to the car . She 's finally made the connection that the metal prison is a means to go places that are fun . Now we ca n't walk by the garage without a hopeful , \" car ! ? car ! ? \" \u00b7 We can sit on the patio and have a civilized snack together . \u00b7 We 're starting to be able to peruse our reading materials separately , side by side . Hooray ! Here 's the TV guide Cakes , now pass me the travel section . \u00b7 Toddler clothes are much cuter than onesies . \u00b7 Now that we 're down to one nap ( getting later and later ) , we can actually do fun outings like the zoo . Good thing - circle time 's getting tired for both of us . The summer season is also reminding me how glad I am to live in the city , even though I get down on it sometimes , like I did two nights ago when I watched the cops remove the freaks across the street at gunpoint ( seriously ) . But it 's worth the occasional drunk passed out on my sidewalk to have so many different parks to go to and things to do . If I feel antisocial I can go to the - park - nobody - goes - to - except - the - crazies . Or I can go to the busy park where everyone knows Cakes and helps me keep on eye on the gate . We were there yesterday and I came home to a promised email from one of the moms with book and blog recommendations . Today we did errands . The friendly lady at the local wine shop gave Cakes a bag of crackers to tide her over . When we got to the deli , Cakes offered one to the man - who - pinches - cheeks . We went to the cheese shop and she finished her crackers while I asked forty questions and sampled as many things as I could get away with . There are lots of good events coming up in the city ( I must do a post for MBT on this soon ) . There 's a festival in Yorkville this weekend , and an art festival in my ' hood . Pride and Fringe are coming up . We have n't been to the island yet this year . So much to do . Love it . Sunday , May 27 , 2007 . No Parental Guidance Here . I 'm working on a short story ( yes , shut up , I 'm also blogging ) and I was mining my mispent teenage years for my main character . I was remembering how I would lock myself in my room , throw on really obnoxious music and crank the stereo to irritate my parents . One of the songs I was particularly fond of torturing my folks with was Parental Guidance , by Judas Priest . Just for fun , I looked up the lyrics : . You say I waste my life away , but I live it to the full And how you know anyway , you 're just mister dull Why do n't you get into the things we do today You could lose twenty years right away , so we say . We do n't need , no , no no no parental guidance here . Every day you scream at me to turn the music low Well if you keep on screaming , you 'll make me deaf you know . You always chew me out , because I stay out late Until your three - piece suit comes back in date , get one thing straight . We do n't need , no , no no no parental guidance here . There 's no communication . I 'm tired of explanation Is this message getting through You went through the same thing too Do n't you remember what it 's like to lose control Put on my jacket - for you get too old . Let 's rock n ' roll . Oh no One life And I 'm gon na live it up . Yes , this was my anthem back then . I was such an ass . I so hope there 's no such thing as karma . When I asked my mother what she wanted for Mother 's Day , her answer was to be part of Cakes first trip to the zoo ( yes , she just turned two , and had n't been to the zoo yet ) . I was n't sure if two was old enough to appreciate the zoo enough to make the journey north of Bloor ( we never go north of Bloor ) , and pay the ridiculous $ 20 each , plus $ 8 for parking . Fortunately , for us anyway , it is . Cakes loved the zoo . I hate crowds , so we went on a Tuesday and arrived at 9:15 a.m. , beating the crowds and winning a premium parking spot . Friday , May 25 , 2007 . Metro Reco : The Double Bind . As you know , I read a lot of Canlit . I 've been intending to broaden my horizons and my friend Jen gave me a gentle push by sending me one of her recommendations , The Double Bind by Chris Bohjalian . A young student , Laurel Estabrook , suffers a violent attack on a lonely bike path in Vermont . The incident changes her profoundly , leaving the formerly outgoing , vibrant woman guarded and wary . She takes a job at a homeless shelter and meets Bobbie Crocker , a mentally ill man with a box of photographs he wo n't show to anyone . When Bobbie dies , Laurel , an amateur photographer herself , is given the task of examining the photographs . She immediately suspects they are the product of a great talent , and identifies famous subjects in the works , such as Chuck Berry and Eartha Kitt . The photos also lead her to a connection with Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan and Laurel becomes more deeply involved in the mystery of Bobbie Crocker 's true identity . Part literary mystery , part psychological thriller , The Double Bind sucks you in and keeps your eyeballs glued to the pages , from the harrowing beginning to the shocking conclusion . The novel is inspired by the photographs of once - homeless man Bob \" Soupy \" Campbell who died in an apartment found for him by a shelter in Vermont . The author says , \" we were all mystified as to how Campbell had gone from photographing luminaries from the 1950s and 1960s to winding up at a homeless shelter in northern Vermont . He had no surviving family we were aware of that we could ask . The reality , of course , is that Campbell probably wound up homeless for any one of the myriad reasons that most transients wind up on the streets : mental illness . Substance abuse . Bad luck . \" The stunning photos are interwoven in the novel . To see them , and learn more about Bob Campbell , click here . Chris Bohjalian is the author of ten novels . His novel Midwives was a number one New York Times bestseller , a selection of Oprah 's Book Club , and a Publishers Weekly \" Best Book \" . He lives in Vermont with his wife and daughter . Generous Jen does not want me to send her book back , so I 'd like to pass it on to one of you ( maybe you can tell us what you think and then pass it along as well ) . Wednesday , May 23 , 2007 . Anniversary Ennui . You 've probably noticed , the proportion of words to photos around here has become even less than usual of late . Today also happens to mark my one - year blogging anniversary , and I wish I were more excited . I must confess , I 've been feeling a lot of bloggy discontent and thought I might as well share and get it off my chest . My State of Discontent . Stupid stats No need to go into detail here , this is a common complaint . I have come to realize , I really am content being a small blogger . I need to kill the site meter and I 'll be a happier blogger indeed . Little Miss Sunshine I get down on all the angst . I know it 's valuable to have a space where we 're honest about our shortcomings , and how hard parenthood is , blah , blah , blah , but I do get very tired of so much negativity . When you 're learning a sport , it 's best to surround yourself with players who are better at it then you are , thus improving your skills . So , if I want to be a happy , light - hearted , confident parent ... . Where does all the time go ? I feel guilty that I waste too much time between blogging and reading other blogs and obsessively checking site meter . I really want to try to write short stories this summer , before school starts again , and I think blogging is a big distraction . I also want to fuck my husband more often . I actually gave serious thought lately about calling it quits at the one - year mark , but I do n't think I 'm ready . You 're My Inspiration . The main reason I do n't quit is you people . Damn you . So many of you have become real - life friends . A couple of you I knew before , but now consider close friends . There are several of you I am dying to meet at BlogHer . You folks are just too important to give up . Plus , even if I 'm not doing very good writing , at least I 'm writing almost daily . And I must admit , there is something very satisfying about a consistent number of people reading my words each day - no matter how large that number is , it is thrilling , and it 's an honour . Monday , May 21 , 2007 . Birthday Principessa . Friday , May 18 , 2007 . Turning Two . You 're turning two tomorrow and I 'm struck by how much you 've changed - not just in terms of the feats you 've accomplished , the milestones you 've conquered , the skills you 've learned - but also the changes in your personality . You 've mellowed , my dear . You 're not a baby ; you 're a small person who is maturing faster than I would ever have believed . Though you 're still rather fearless , you 're not the headstrong , unstoppable child you were a year ago . These days , when you enter a new situation , you quietly assess your surroundings before you act . I can see the gears turning as you decide how you 're going to proceed . You 've always liked your books , but now you 're almost as much of a bookworm as your mother . Last year you 'd sit through one or two at a time , impatient to go on to the next activity . Now you constantly request books , and you 'll sit and read for an hour at a time . You have your favourites we can read six times a day or more ( especially the books with bunnies ) . When I put you to bed , I throw in a few books and you read yourself to sleep ( like your mother ) . When you wake up in the morning you 'll read to yourself while I sneak in a little more sleep . You 're a lot more rational now . I can explain something to you and you 'll actually listen . Sometimes you even accept what I say . Sometimes you disagree . That 's OK too . I love your strong will . Despite my best efforts , you 're a girly - girl . You love your shoes . The other day we bought you a shiny red trike as well as some new sandals . You insisted on wearing the sandals as we took the trike out front to practice . When your favourite neighbour came to say hello , I told you to show off your new toy - instead you held up your feet and eagerly cried , \" shoes ! shoes ! \" , proud as can be . You do n't always have to be active anymore . Last night we held hands as we watered the garden . We sit together on park benches , companionably . You babble away and I understand little , but when you look up at me with your mischievous little grin , and happy brown eyes , I laugh , and you laugh along with me . Thursday , May 17 , 2007 . Getting to Know McHotty . What was your first car and what about it made it so great ? ( Do I bother asking what their dream car is ? ) I had a Ford Contour , it was cheap , had a sunroof and a CD player ( cutting edge at the time ) . What is the most played song on your iTunes / WMP or whatever you are listening to music on your computer with ? And ... Name five bands that made a big impression on you but never made it big on the charts . Metric - Patriarch on a Vespa , Midnight Oil 's later albums were their best , but never did very well . Lets not kid ourselves , I was never cool enough to be really knowledgeable about indie bands . Do you know what end of the hammer to hold ? What was your last project around the house ? I am an IKEA machine . What is your best method for avoiding chick flicks ? Do n't have the problem , one of Metro 's all time favourite 's is Kill Bill . Who 's more of the techno geek in your house ? This can apply to tools , toys , gadgets , geeking at home on the computer or anything else that might apply . No contest , Metro , I can barely turn this TV / typing machine on . What are three things that are a part of your life that you would never see your own dad doing ? Participating in circle time at the drop - in , being the primary cook and grocery shopper and taking an interest in the house - plants . What 's the last \" Dude ! I just got a _ _ _ _ _ _ _ from _ _ _ _ _ _ _ \" thing that you really did n't need but bought anyways ? I dislike shopping and clutter . As well , I am hard core when it comes to budgeting , so there is nothing that falls into this category , nothing . What is the wildest / craziest / dangerous etc .. thing you have gotten away with ? Throwing live hand grenades while in the Army . It 's not a dude meme if it does n't include something regarding the opposite sex . When was the last time you experienced a true head turner ? Where you could n't help but take that second glance at someone . Remember to be creative in your response . It will get you in less trouble . Metro here . McHotty ( wisely ) did n't answer this one , but I happen to know he has a thing for Addison Shepherd . That 's OK , I have a thing for her too . Wednesday , May 16 , 2007 . Even June Cleaver Would Forget the Juice Box . I probably could have used this book a year ago when I was much more insecure about my ability to mother . In Even June Cleaver Would Forget the Juice Box , author Ann Dunnewold tells us how and why to reject falling into the trap of chasing the dream of being a perfect mother and offers a new paradigm for mothering -- the perfectly good mother . The perfectly good mother is herself , not who others expect her to be , and she accepts her faults ; she looks after herself , and puts her needs first sometimes ; she encourages family members to take responsibility for themselves ; she has fun . The perfectly good mother is human . The book also offers helpful suggestions to help make motherhood more enjoyable and less work , such as identifying your core values and focussing your energy on activities that promote these values . It also offers simple suggestions to make life easier , like cutting back on scheduled activities ( I wholeheartedly agree with this one ) . Dunnewold also suggests ways for women to build support systems , by dropping sanctimommy buddies in favour of like - minded , non - judgmental friends for example . Sure , it 's common sense and some of it 's simplistic and even trite , but if you 're struggling with impossibly high expectations of yourself , June Cleaver is worth reading . Ann Dunnewold is a licensed psychologist and expert on postpartum depression and anxiety . She has raised two daughters . Tuesday , May 15 , 2007 . The Grass is Greener on This Side . One of my favourite things about this time of year is getting my hands dirty in the garden . I went out to get groceries last week when I noticed the garden centre open . The non - drinkers work in their gardens . I manage to do both ) . It worked out perfectly - I was able to do my plant shopping before the crowds and I had everything planted just in time before the landscapers came back to replace the grass that was ruined by the moat . So , unless the temperatures plunge , the yard will be lookin ' real purdy for Cakes ' second birthday party this weekend . Our front yard is looking good too . The next - door neighbour and I are fastidious about our grass . We 're ridiculous - you'd think we were a couple of retired suburbanites . Anyway , my chest puffed with pride when the landscapers commented that our front yard was the best one of the street . So here I am , before May 24 , and the work is done . Now I just putter around and chit - chat in the front , and put my feet up with a good book in the back . Monday , May 14 , 2007 . Metro Reco : Divisadero . Michael Ondaatje takes his time crafting his beautiful prose ( his last novel , Anil 's Ghost , was published in 2000 ) . So when I came home from my trip to find Divisadero had arrived in the mail , I was thrilled . In the three - part novel , readers are transported from present to past and back again . Divisadero explores familiar themes of Ondaatje 's work - the bonds of family , memory , passion , the impact of the past on the present , the necessity of art . Lyrical , magical , erotic and captivating , Divisadero is not one to miss . Michael Ondaatje was born in Sri Lanka , raised in London . He moved to Canada in 1962 and began teaching at York University in 1971 . He won the Booker prize in 1992 for The English Patient , and the Giller prize for Anil 's Ghost in 2000 . In the Skin of a Lion , a fictional account of immigrant workers in early Toronto , was selected as the first \" Canada Reads \" novel in 2002 . He and his wife Linda live in Toronto . Friday , May 11 , 2007 . More , More , More . This reflection on \" what makes me a mother \" is part of the Blog Blast , brought to you by light iris and Parentbloggers . Thursday , May 10 , 2007 . Once More , With Feeling . Yesterday at the drop - in we were singing a version of \" five little ducks \" . \" Five little ducks went swimming one day ... \" I sang , merrily and loudly as I always do . I carried on , and fewer and fewer ducks came back as the song progressed . I became a little distracted from the tedious song with my thoughts , like what Keats meant by beauty is truth and truth beauty . Wednesday , May 09 , 2007 . Product Review : Boca Beth . My Spanish is limited to the words I 've needed to order beer during vacation . So , besides \" hola ! \" , and \" gracias , amigo ! \" Cakes is n't about to learn much Espanol from me . Enter Boca Beth 's language program . We sampled one of the videos , I Like Animals ! When I saw the running time was 50 minutes I figured it would take us 3 - 4 sittings to get through it . Not so . The extremely busy Cakes actually sat , spellbound , through the whole thing . We learned monkeys are called monos in Spanish . Cakes clapped with excitement as we watched wild and domestic animals cavort on the screen . She was thrilled when several children sang songs to learn how to count in Spanish . During the interactive part of the program , we played along with our Boca puppet ( provided ) while we learned the Spanish words for our body parts and the shapes . When we grew tired of the TV , I threw on the music CD and we sang and danced some more . We had a good time with the products and I expanded my Spanish a little bit too ! Beth Butler , the creator of the program , has spent over 10 years in preschool and elementary school classrooms . She has lived in Chile and Mexico . Tuesday , May 08 , 2007 . A Good Mother Day . I had a good mother day at the park this afternoon . Instead of being an unorganized mess , I actually had my shit together . When we arrived , a fellow mom and friend was struggling with an extraordinarily shitty child ( the child 's diaper was shitty , I 'm not calling her child shitty as in bad ) . \" You look like you could you some extra wipes , \" I observe , whipping some out . We parked the stroller and Cakes ran off with her ball , bucket and shovel , all of which I remembered to bring . A short time later she was hungry and I gave her a rice cake and some water . When all the children gathered ' round like seagulls , I was able to share , as I 'd brought the whole package . When Cakes became too hot with her long - sleeved undershirt beneath her hipster tee I was able to remove it as I had remembered the suntan lotion . She wore the hat that was on her head instead of on the closet floor at home . Some other kid hit Cakes while her mother was busy chatting . I comforted her ( Cakes ) . Some other kid stole her pail and shovel . I magnanimously said not to worry . When I noticed Cakes had a river of snot running from her nose into her mouth , I was able to wipe it away with a crumpled tissue ( only used about twice ) I had stowed in my pocket . Sunday , May 06 , 2007 . Coming Out of Hibernation . Life is so much better in the summer , is n't it ! We 've been hanging at the park all day and I 've been neglecting my housework to sit outside and read in the sun during Cakes ' naps . The park is a lot more fun this year now that Cakes is so much more mobile . She 's a little clingy since we came back from vacation though - she 's not letting me sit around the sandbox and chat much , she comes and takes my hand and drags me to whatever apparatus she 's ready to conquer next . I also know it 's finally summer because I 'm tired and hungover . Last night the next - door neighbours kicked off the season with the first backyard party of the year . We sat around the fire and sipped wine and gabbed and before I knew it , it was after midnight . I 'm not used to that anymore after a winter of going to bed at nine . Cakes was under the weather for a couple of days last week with a stomach bug . I felt terrible for her , but I must say , a sick Cakes is very lovely indeed . She did n't want anyone but me , including her father ( and you guys all know how cold she usually is ) . She clung to me and buried her face in her shoulder and we had a nap on the couch together for the first time since she was six months old . It almost made up for all the vomit I had to clean up . Almost . This afternoon we 're off to my brother 's new house for a surprise birthday party for our mom . It 's funny , when I met McHotty seven years ago , my family did not know where my brother was for about six months . He never called anyone and did n't even remember to send a mother 's day card . I was the one who called my mother every other day and visited my grandparents . Now , he 's recently become a father and he 's throwing surprise parties . When my dad had his heart attack he was over there cutting the grass . Now I 'm the one who forgets birthdays ( I missed almost every one last year , including my wonderful mother - in - law 's ) . Funny how parenthood changes us differently , is n't it ! We have to be home by 8:00 for the Amazing Race finale tonight . Go , blondies ! Who 's your money on ? Saturday , May 05 , 2007 . Metro Reco : Lullabies for Little Criminals . Lullabies is a tragicomedy , set in Montreal in the eighties . It 's narrated in the first person by Baby , a 12-year - old raised by her irresponsible , heroin - addicted father , Jules ( her parents were 15 when she was born and her mother died when she was a baby ) . Baby enters puberty with all of the confusion and conflicting emotions of any other prepubescent girl , but her father is oblivious to her ( the neighbourhood pimp , however , is not ) . Often Jules and Baby 's roles seem reversed -- she is the one protecting her father : \" No matter how scuzzy and crazy their parents are , kids still try to make them feel good about themselves \" . Lullabies is full of both pathos and humour . The novel 's poignancy is tempered by its wit . Baby frequently makes wry observations about the characters she 's surrounded by ; for example , her gang of tough kids : \" I was a little tired of their superiority complexes . Maintaining a superiority complex , especially when you were a loser , took a lot of mental effort and denial . \" Baby 's is the most unique narrative voice I 've heard in long time . She manages to be both na\u00efve and precocious , tough yet vulnerable . In some respects , she has the cynical mind of a street urchin ; sometimes her child - like imagination allows her to survive . She is strong and smart , but she craves the love and protection of a mother . Though the story is not autobiography , O'Neill drew on childhood experiences . She was raised by her father in Montreal and ran away to California when she was fifteen . Baby and Jules ' tough neighbourhood and run - down apartments were modelled after the places O'Neill grew up : \" whenever I 'm in a bleak , famously violent neighbourhood , it makes me feel comfortable and happy . It reminds me of the old apartments and sitting up late with my dad as he tried to figure out why and how we were n't rich and famous . \" Despite her poverty , she attended McGill University on a small scholarship . On school , she says , \" I do n't think university made me a better writer at all . It is my observation , however , that the more knowledge and interesting information you know , the happier you are . \" Lullabies is O'Neill 's first novel . She is a contributor to This American Life , and her work has appeared in the New York Times Magazine . She lives in Montreal , Canada . Wednesday , May 02 , 2007 . Paree : Part 2 . Alternate title : The Liver is Evil and Must Be Punished . Monday we slept in again , and ate several more croissants before heading to the Marais district . We visited the Picasso museum ( excellent ) and rested at the Places des Vosges , a lovely square . Then we walked to the Ile St.-Louis and explored the narrow streets and sweet little shops . We stopped at a caf\u00e9 for lunch and had salade nicquoise and an espresso before walking , once more , along the Seine , looking for souvenirs . I bought some posters and we found a woman on Pont Neuf painting wonderful caf\u00e9 scenes . She was thrilled when we bought two and we did n't bother trying to barter . We went back to the hotel to stow our goodies and nap before heading out for dinner . We went to the 8th looking for a restaurant my sister - in - law had recommended . We could n't find it , but instead found a nice looking place with Michelin star ( and no english on the menu ) . My starter was scallops on a thin toast spread with a tapenade accompanied by a salad . My main was duck prepared three ways ( breast , leg , and a sausage which McH overhead the waiter tell someone was duck brain - he wisely did n't mention it until later ) . The duck was delish . For dessert I had a raspberry souffl\u00e9 that was disappointing . It was a lovely evening though . There were more friendly Americans on either side of us , so we chatted and took each other 's pictures . Another fun night . Tuesday , our last day in Paris , we were up early , devoured croissants , quaffed cafes , and headed directly to the Musee d'Orsay to be among the first in line when it opened . It was a good thing too , the line quickly grew long . Once inside , I consulted a map , and we immediately headed to the 5th floor , where the Impressionists are ( my favourite , especially Renoir and Morisot ) . It was very emotional for me . I was practically alone with all of these great works of art and I loved it . After a couple of hours I rejoined McH ( I need to go at my own pace in a gallery ) and we went for an espresso and started to stroll back towards our hotel . We returned to our favourite caf\u00e9 for a final leisurely lunch . We ordered wine , and I had steak frites ( again ! ) We took our time and just soaked it all in . After lunch , we ordered two caf\u00e9 au lait and loitered , not wanting to leave . We soaked up the sun , the sights and sounds , the hustle and bustle , the energy . It was sublime . "}
{"url": "http://www.blogto.com/arts/2014/05/5_underrated_shows_to_see_at_contact_2014/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701152959.66/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193912-00071-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Preaching lessons at a fundamentalist Bible school . We called it the spring semester , but it felt like the dead of winter to me . The never - ending Chicago cold months slapped me in the face . I juggled my new schedule along my books , when I walked into the classroom filled with women . I was a student at Moody Bible Institute . When we were settled , Ms. de Rosset closed off the entrance . Shutting the door was a code at the school , a sort of signal that some of the more edgy profs used . There was not a lot of academic freedom within the walls of Moody , and a professor could get fired for not believing in dispensationalism or he could be reprimanded if his wife was a feminist . Even a janitor could get the hammer for getting a divorce . The sounds of the latch plate sliding over the strike signaled , \" I 'm about to say something I 'm not allowed to say . I could even get fired if certain people heard me . But I trust you . \" When a professor closed the door at Moody , it was like when a big brother showed you how to sneak out the house after your parents were asleep . It was like when your older sister explained how to shave your legs way before you were allowed to put a razor to your flesh . It was a bonding experience between the class and the teacher , and de Rosset always closed the door . Ms. de Rosset certainly made sure that barrier was well shut on the rest of Moody almost every day as she taught us \" Message Preparation for Women . \" It was a Homiletics course , a preaching class , but since women were not allowed to write sermons , we \" prepared messages . \" We had to be separated from the men , so we could learn the exact same process , while using different labels . De Rosset , an Episcopalian working on her PhD in literature at the University of Chicago , was a literal godsend for fourteen percent of the student body . I was n't sure what made her stay . Moody certainly needed her . With the underrepresentation of women on the faculty and in the student body , Moody 's accreditation was in jeopardy . Yet , de Rosset had to endure excruciating humiliation . One morning , she \" messaged \" ( not preached , mind you ) for chapel , and a group of men , wearing short - sleeved white shirts with black ties sat down in the front row . When she stood in the pulpit , they rose in unison , and ceremoniously stomped out . \" You 've got to be kidding , \" I whispered to my friend , Brandon . \" They could have taken a chapel cut , if it meant that much to them . \" They did n't merely cut chapel because the flock of men wanted to make a clear statement to the entire assembled body that they not be subjected to listen to one of their professors because she was a woman . And even though their tender cheeks broke out in a rash each time they shaved , they were men . Therefore , they had spiritual authority over de Rosset . I shook my head , \" Why does she stay ? Why would she put up with that ? \" Brandon shrugged , lifted his eyebrows and responded with his usual sarcastic precision , \" Because she knows that they are a -- holes , so she does not let it bother her . \" Then he continued to write his column for the student newspaper ( which de Rosset staffed ) . I had the sense that de Rosset got a job at the Bible school teaching English many years ago , her theology changed , and she remained , for whatever reason . Maybe Moody was paying for her doctoral work . Maybe she was too conservative for an Episcopalian college . Maybe she just needed to pay the bills - like a coalminer who 's not completely comfortable with black lung , but knows that he needs to get food on the table . Or maybe , she suffered that humiliation because she knew when she closed that door , she was saving women like me . \" My name is Rosalie de Rosset , \" she told the class . \" Is n't that a fabulously feminine name ? Clearly , my parents filled out the birth certificate before they met me . I assure you , that is the only womanly thing about me . \" I smiled . This was the land of floral print dresses . Every cover in the women 's section of the bookstore resembled a tampon box - pink , pure , petaled , and often pearled . This could possibly be the last campus in the United States where women were told that they were preparing to be their husband 's crowning glory . With this backdrop , our preaching prof was standing before us in a black sweater and a long black Hippie skirt . She sported short dyed ruddy hair and black eyeliner . I do n't mean that penciled - on blur . It was brushed - on , strong and bold . \" I have one rule for this class , \" de Rosset continued without smiling , \" If you use the word ' share , ' I will fail you . On the spot . I do n't want to hear one woman stand up here telling us that you ' wanna share a bit of your heart . ' If you do , you will get an ' F ' in my class . \" I looked around and saw many women , smiling broadly , shaking their heads . \" I want you to preach . You 're not schoolgirls sharing your dolls . You have a voice . You have something to say . And I want you to proclaim it . \" De Rosset frequently lifted up the need for a sense of longing . \" Longing is something that is not appreciated in our culture . We 're a nation of easy credit and quick satisfaction . Yet all good literature has that yearning at its core . When you write sermons , identify the longing in your context . Name it , explore it , and create your sermon around that vacuum . You may not answer the longing , but you need to lift it up . \" I sat up in my chair and moved to the edge of my seat . She 's Rosie the Riveting , I thought , realizing that this was the first college class that I had taken where I felt like the teacher actually demanded something from me , as a woman . De Rosset continued , name - dropping great proto - feminist writing like Jane Eyre and constantly quoting Emily Dickinson . She left breadcrumbs out there , for interested students . I suppose that most of the women did n't even see them . But after each class , I went to the library with the names and titles that I scribbled along the margins and followed the crumbs , looking up the history and books they represented . Mostly the path would lead me to the rich history of early feminist writing . Other times it would lead me to more recent authors . And woven along with this literary education , de Rosset introduced us to preachers who were brilliant at weaving narratives into their sermons . Each morning , I talked to my friends , Jesse , Brian , and Brandon , about the class . Brandon and Jesse sometimes put down their newspapers and listened , but Brian got excited . He finally found someone who would appreciate all of the trivia he discovered . One afternoon , he took me to the school 's historic archives . We went past the \" stuffed D.L. , \" the likeness of our founder , preaching in his brown three - piece suit . It always made me giggle , because although the men on campus were not allowed to be in the process of growing facial hair , there was a larger - than - life D.L. Moody with a beard . Sometimes , if the Cubbies were in a big game , Brandon would make sure Stuffed D. was wearing a baseball cap . I never understood how he did it though , since the replica was behind glass . Of course , he never took any credit for it . Putting a hat on Dwight was a sacrilege in the school . We went into a side room , where the old Moody Monthlies were kept . ( Just like the with the iPad , no one consulted an honest woman about how stupid the name was ) . Brian flipped through the pages , and pointed to a drawing of a woman , with her mouth open , and her finger in an instructional pose . \" What is this ? \" I said amazed , even though I could clearly see that it was an advertisement for women 's preaching classes at Moody . Brian smiled , \" Evidently it was okay to for women to preach eighty years ago , but it 's not now . \" \" The movement that Moody was a part of in the turn - of - the - century was pretty cool , \" Brian explained as he kept flipping through the articles . \" They started Sunday schools , but it was n't just about flannel graphs and Bible stories . They were trying to educate the poor children who were working in the factories . And women were on the forefront of it all . You know Emma Dryer ? \" \" Yes , \" I only knew her name because there was a men 's dorm named after her . Dryer Hall was slightly off the central campus . The guys who lived there got a discount to compensate for having to trudge in the snow a bit . But most of them seemed to prefer being out of the way . \" Well , Emma 's the one who actually founded Moody . \" \" Really ? \" \" Yeah . She started the school as a place where women street preachers , evangelists , missionaries and Sunday school teachers could get an education , \" I flipped through the pages , wondering how we had regressed so quickly . The temperance , Sunday school , and suffragist movement gave our country a shot of empowered women . I was filled with excitement and pride , thinking that I could pick up such a mantel . Then I remembered of the row of men , standing up and walking out of chapel in protest when a woman spoke . What happened ? Was Moody caught in an extended backlash from the feminist movement ? Of course , strong women lead within the evangelical movement . They were involved in politics and organizing . They rose up in the religious political environment , because they were furious about abortion . They taught us to frame the abortion debate in stark terms . As the pro - life movement gained ground , we were told to contrast it with the \" pro - death \" movement . We did not refer to \" abortion clinics ; \" they were \" abortuaries . \" We were constantly told that abortion was the holocaust that was happening under our very noses . The pro - lifers adamantly opposed the feminists , and they painted them with the same cruel brush that they used with the abortion debate : feminists were bra - burning baby - killers out to destroy the moral fabric of our country . Evangelical women with any hint of backbone or determination joined the movement against feminism . It seemed they made an appalling deal on our behalf . As female pro - life leaders gained a more powerful position in the public sphere , they sacrificed our roles in home and congregations . Many of us were told that women must submit to men and keep silent in church . They even began speaking out again contraception . Could that have been how women went from running a preaching school to being reminded that they must keep their mouths closed ? Whatever the case may have been , it was clear that women began to find their voices in de Rosset 's classroom . Sitting in our cold Formica desks , de Rosset taught us the basics of the preaching process , the steps of historic analysis that we needed to take to understand the context of the words . She taught us how to go over the \" hermeneutical bridge , \" a term that preachers use when they connect those ancient words to our modern context . Then de Rosset delved deeper and showed us the beauty of narrative sermons . She pointed out how they worked structurally , as only a skilled literature professor could . De Rossett explained how narrative sermons do not have three points , but one point . The stories surround that point , coming back to it , strengthening it , like spokes on a wheel . She wanted all five senses engaged in each sermon - and she would coax the sounds , aromas , and tactile memories out of us . Though we preached from outlines instead of manuscripts , de Rosset took interest in our words . Why did we choose one word over another ? Could the verb be stronger ? Could the metaphor be more colorful ? Each day , I listened to the best sermons I had ever heard . There is a particular authority that comes from privilege . When a white man steps into the place where he belongs , he has an internal power with which he was born . He is entitled . Like royalty , he sits on the throne naturally , because that place is caught in his blood . But , an entirely different power emerges from women who have been told that they are not allowed to speak in church , and suddenly rise behind the pulpit . Something flares up from deep inside of them , and when they have a safe space , the words can come out of them with force and fury . I experienced this beautiful process each day as the women stood , read verses , and continued with a growing strength . I sat in my desk , wrestling with myself . These are wonderful . Why would I believe that women should n't preach ? My first sermon was my feminist manifesto . At least that 's what it was in my mind . It had something to do with C.S. Lewis and Fyodor Dostoyevsky and bondage . I ca n't remember the text . Honestly , I 'm sure it was a horrible sermon . And the delivery was even worse . My voice shaky , my throat tight with nerves , and I wo n't even get into the details about my sweat . I mispronounced Dostoyevsky . Most preachers on their maiden voyage scrape the bottom of the boat and hit plenty of rocks . But it did n't matter . Because , also like most preachers - those strange creatures who have the nerve enough to stand up in front of people and tell them a bit about God - I could n't wait to do it again . I had found my voice . De Rosett had unearthed it . I just wondered what I was going to do with it . Join the Conversation . Comments . The church is better for it . Thank you for a beautiful reminder of the inclusion that God has made available in Jesus . Both the life and teaching of Jesus were about erasing the boundaries that the law had placed on God 's mercy . Those exclusionary boundaries were replaced with the sounds of love and grace for all to come and be complete and equal children of God . As for a preaching ministry . . . whom God calls , God equips . The clear and certain call of God evidenced in the grace - infused messages of woman preachers can not be denied . Keep preaching and let that \" fire in my bones \" passion of Jeremiah be heard by all . As a Moody grad myself ( and from the same era ) , I had to shake my head in half - bemused but mostly annoyed amazement at your characterizations of the school . First , the college is not \" fundamentalist \" at all - that would be Bob Jones or Pillsbury Baptist Bible College back in the day . It 's evangelical in the conservative tradition , but certainly not ultra - conservative . The fact that you have either ignored or are unaware of this is astounding and revealing . Second , on a minor issue with another revealing take - away , why would you say that men were not allowed to sport beards ? They were asked to grow them when school was not in session - to avoid the ' scruffy ' look - but were allowed to have them . To be so definite and so definitely wrong about something like this should give your readers serious pause regarding your other strongly - worded ideas . If you make a mistake in citing a clear policy of the school , it makes one question your other analysis . Third , after a lifetime in the conservative evangelical tradition - including 4 years at the venerable Moody Bible Institute , I have never met a single person there or elsewhere who has ever said women can not teach children . This matters , because - as fellow commenter Kerri Shaw Daugherty has also noted , the idea of a woman not teaching a man comes straight from the Bible . 1 Timothy 2:12 , \" I do not permit a woman to teach or to exercise authority over a man ; rather , she is to remain quiet \" ( ESV ) . Also , 1 Corinthians 14:34 - 35 , \" The women should keep silent in the churches . For they are not permitted to speak , but should be in submission , as the Law also says . If there is anything they desire to learn , let them ask their husbands at home . For it is shameful for a woman to speak in church \" ( ESV ) . Feminists have worked for years to deconstruct these texts , and to deny their clear meaning . Moody - the \" Bible Institute \" that it is - promotes this understanding . Maybe you once met a person who would call a 7 year old ' a man , ' but I have not , and MBI has never officially taught anything like this . Based on the tenor of your entire article , it 's easy to believe that your mischaracterization is not inadvertent . Your reader gasps that anyone would be so silly as to teach a woman not to instruct any boy older than 6 . What professor taught you this ? Maybe it was an instructor who first shut the door , then went on to subversively teach what Moody does not ? ( From what you write , you might at least admire that kind of moxy . ) Where did you find that in the MBI statement of faith or in the student life guide ? It was n't there . Last , I find it to be in bad taste that you would publicly bash a college that gave you ( along with all students in residence ) a full tuition - paid scholarship . As fellow commenter Cameron Smith has already intimated : if you did n't like what you were learning or the environment around you , why did you keep accepting the gift of that scholarship each semester - many thousands of dollars ? That 's low . And if you only changed your mind later , which is not at all clear from your post , it is still bad form to write from a well of inspiration called vindictiveness . That 's not ' working out negative feelings ' as you stated in your justification of your article to Cameron . That 's full out bashing a place that , despite your several bad experiences , invested a lot in helping you learn . Okay , so you 're a feminist - perhaps even a radical feminist . We get that . Respect those who are n't , and who see the Bible as supportive of a far more conservative view than your own - and Jesus ' representative the Apostle Paul actually meaning what he wrote about women 's roles . You could have gone to lots of other colleges where your views would have been the majority perspective . This article is simply sour grapes . Oh well , I guess fundamentalist is a pejorative term so conservatives do n't want to be labeled with it . I ca n't say I blame them . Whatever you want to label it , the thing that characterizes the group the author is writing about is a position of literalist biblical inerrancy , which this respondant clearly holds to . Yes , she accepted a scholarship from a college that had views she did n't agree with 100 % . Based on another post by her , it looks like it was a process for her to come to terms with her own feelings about how women are regarded in conservative circles . Attending the college kind of woke her up to that , but maybe she was n't quite ready to completely break away from that culture by changing colleges . I think we have to give people room to figure things out , even if it takes time . I also sat in deRosset class at Moody and learned courage at her feet , excellence and humility . The boys who walked out of chapel still speak too loudly and hold too much control ... but deRosset in her subversive ways is giving voice to many a woman out here . I 'm going to share this with my women pastor friends . It 's so good to remember who first encouraged us and helped us find our voice and passion . And to claim the reason why I stay in the church as a pastor despite the sexism from men and women . beautiful , just beautiful . Thank you for sharing this . I wonder if you had gone to a more progressive school if it would have hit you the same way . I work in a female dominated field and am only now really seeing what has been lost . Where are the women that paved the way for us ? We need to celebrate them . Thank you for this . This might be one of my favorite posts of yours . Support the Christian Century . Copyright Information . Tribal Church posts are licensed under Creative Commons , some rights reserved by Carol Howard Merritt . Taking Jesus Seriously posts are licensed under Creative Commons , some rights reserved by Drew G. I. Hart . The rights to CCblogs posts belong to the authors . All other posts are \u00a9 The Christian Century . The Christian Century hosts Tribal Church and Taking Jesus Seriously and facilitates the CCblogs network but does not edit these posts or take responsibility for them . "}
{"url": "http://www.43folders.com/node/61335/337461", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701154221.36/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193914-00141-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "In case anyone has been wondering , no , I have n't stopped drinking and enjoying wine . Since the beginning of the New Year , journeys in Friuli aside , I 've just been struggling to find the time to write about it . With that in mind , I hope you 'll forgive me the indulgence of a few quick tasting notes , as dinner with friends last night afforded the opportunity to dive into a few interesting bottles . We kicked things off with a pair of 2005 Muscadets to accompany a killer pot of salmon rillettes my host had prepared , based on his adaptation of a recipe from Thomas Keller 's Bouchon . I had a hard time not polishing them all of myself -- the rillettes , that is -- and could easily have made a meal of them with nothing other than a baguette and salad for accompaniment . Muscadet S\u00e8vre et Maine Sur Lie Vieilles Vignes \" Clos du Poyet , \" Ch\u00e2teau les Fromenteaux ( Famille Luneau ) 2005 $ 15 on release . 12 % alcohol . Cork . Importer : Petit Pois , Moorestown , NJ . Not what I hoped for or expected when I socked away a few bottles on release . The flavors are still appealing -- fruity even , albeit moving slowly toward the oxidative apple - y end of the spectrum -- but the structure has gone slack , losing all nerve and verve . There 's very little left in the way of mineral intensity relative to what I remember , either . Here 's a case where a producer 's basic cuv\u00e9e ( which made my list of most inspiring wines drunk in 2010 ) has outperformed its \" big brother . \" Guess I 'll be finding a reason to pour my remaining bottles sooner rather than later . Muscadet S\u00e8vre et Maine Sur Lie \" Le Fief du Breil , \" Domaine de la Louvetrie ( Jo Landron ) 2005 $ 15 on release . 12 % alcohol . Cork . Importer : Martin Scott , Lake Success , NY . After the somewhat disappointing showing from Luneau - Papin 's wine , my host pulled this out of his cellar for sake of comparison and in hope of a little redemption for ' 05 Muscadet . Regrettably , I ca n't say that Landron 's \" Fief du Breil \" has fared much better . Here there was far less fruit , a tad more minerality and a touch more acidity , but only a touch . The most redeeming factor was an intriguing aroma , to me at least , of black licorice . Still alive but no longer kicking . While I could have , as mentioned above , made a meal of the rillettes , that was n't happening . Out came a main course of Birchrun Hills Farm veal tenderloins , teeny tiny potatoes , and not so teeny tiny brussels sprouts . Oh yeah , and a couple of bottles of red ... . Rosso di Valtellina , Ar . Pe . Pe . ( Arturo Pelizzatti Perego ) 2007 $ 27 . 13 % alcohol . Cork . Importer : Castle Brands Fine Wines , Sausalito , CA . Varietal Nebbiolo , known locally as Chiavennasca , grown in the steep , terraced vineyards of Valtellina . This was one of those wines where the hue -- light , transparent ruby -- is perfectly in sync with the aromas and flavors : rose petals and raspberry tea - lime aromas followed up by lean , red berry fruit and a dash of baking spices . A really lovely , delicate expression of Nebbiolo , its structure carried almost entirely by a taut wire of acidity , backed up by the laciest of tannins . Were this $ 10 less per bottle , it would be a great candidate for everyday enjoyment ; however , between the hard - to - farm nature of the Valtelline vineyards and the quiet cult status of Ar . Pe . Pe . , quotidian pricing is not feasible . Sierra Foothills \" Home Vineyard \" Red , La Clarine Farm 2008 $ 24 . 13.8 % alcohol . Vinoseal . Check out these background notes from La Clarine Farm vine man , Hank Beckmeyer : . \" 2008 proved to be one of the most difficult years in recent memory for grape growing . A severe frost in late April pretty much destroyed our crop . We lost at least 90 % of the young vine shoots , and many younger vines were killed back to ground level . Amid this carnage , we still managed to harvest a very small crop of exceptional grapes . This wine , a field blend of 50 % tempranillo , 16 % tannat , 20 % grenache , 10 % syrah and 4 % cabernet sauvignon , was picked over a four week period , in three passes . We foot stomped the whole clusters without any sulfur addition and let the fermentation proceed from there . Our depression over the circumstances lightened as the wine 's aromas filled our cellar . By the time we bottled it , some 18 months later without filtration , we were very happy indeed .... 10 cases made . \" I almost felt like I should n't be opening it , but that trepidation faded quickly once we pulled the stopper . The first thing that greeted my nose was big , boisterous , juicy fruit . Those aromas suggested jamminess but the wine delivered freshness , liveliness and spree on the palate . Spice and wild berry fruit reign supreme , with soft structure , medium acidity and drink me now appeal . I do n't think we 're talking about long - haul stuffing here , though , as Hank 's notes suggest , it will surely hold its own for a few more years . Either way , do n't let the fact that there were only 120 bottles made get in your way of drinking and enjoying it with aplomb . Finally , even though I 'm sure it was n't necessary , dinner at my friend Bill 's never seems complete without at least one appearance from Burgundy . Hautes - C\u00f4tes de Nuits \" Le Clos du Prieur\u00e9 , \" Thibault Liger - Belair 2008 $ 30 . 13 % alcohol . Cork . Importer : Vineyard Brands , Birmingham , AL . The stewy , briary , kind of funky aromas that initially rose to my nose suggested the possibility of heat damage with this bottle . With a little time in the glass , however , those suspicions faded , as the potency remained but greater fruit purity , cleanliness and focus emerged . Astoundingly sturdy and concentrated for the vintage , especially given its origins on the Hautes - C\u00f4tes , with ripe , red fruit and a sense of physiologic intensity in its mouth feel . ( With a good grasp of French , or the help of your favorite translator , it 's very much worth reading Thibault 's notes on the 2008 vintage . ) Even more time in the glass brought out a slightly sour , olive pit pungency . Somewhat more intellectual than immediately pleasurable , but nonetheless a cool wine with which to close out the evening . I hate to say it but yes , after a week of silence , this is just a teaser post . This Thursday , February 24 , I 'll be conducting an Introduction to Burgundy class at Tria Fermentation School in Center City Philadelphia . Here 's what I 'll be pouring . It 's a full slate this time ' round . Eight wines - read 'em and weep : . Okay , so maybe it 's not a list to induce tears . This is an overview class , after all , not a 40-year retrospective of ( name your favorite Grand Cru ) . If all goes well , and time and budget allow , this intro course may lead on to more in - depth , Burgundian explorations . We shall see .... Hope to see some of you there . At the top of a hill in Corno di Rosazzo , just steps across the border from the Collio into the Colli Orientali del Friuli zone , lies the estate known as I Clivi ( \" the slopes , \" in ancient Italian ) . Arriving at sunset on Tuesday , we were greeted on the front terrace of the winery by Mario Zanusso , the current winegrower at I Clivi . Mario is a handsome guy , at once quiet , intense and somewhat reserved -- not at all unlike the wines we would taste with him a short while later . Walking and talking with him , I got the sense that he 'd be just as much at home taking in a Ramones gig at CBGB ( if only we had a time machine ) as he seemed in the hills of Rosazzo . The vineyards at I Clivi , as are much of the high quality sites throughout Colli Orientali del Friuli , are laid out on terraces cut into the hillsides . The slopes here , though not exactly gentle , are not insanely steep , at least not when compared to more precipitous viticultural areas such as the Mosel or Northern Rh\u00f4ne . While I 'm sure that , for some producers , ease of mechanization plays into the maintenance of the terraces , Mario explained that their genesis sprang from a more primal need , as the friable nature of the ponca - rich soils make the landscape highly prone to erosion . The terraces , at a very practical level , help to keep the vineyards in place in a landscape where heavy rainfall might otherwise , over time , lay bare the roots of the vines . I was so intent on capturing the beautiful view of the sunset ( something for which my camera is not particularly well suited ) that I totally neglected to snap a few shots of the old vines on the steeper , terraced vineyards at I Clivi . In both the vineyards and the cellar , I think that the approach at I Clivi can best be described as rational . Respect for nature is maintained , farming is certified organic , but no particular doctrine or credo is followed . In Mario 's own words , \" The first thing is that the wine is good . We do n't need to obey some [ set of ] rules . \" Some of his wines are fermented on their native yeasts , others not , depending on the needs and characteristics of the vintage and each cuv\u00e9e . Mario uses a light hand with sulfur , adding a bit at crush when the fruit is most susceptible to oxidation , most of which is consumed during fermentation , then adding just a dash at bottling for the sake of stability . With one technical exception ( which I 'll explain shortly ) , all of the white wines at I Clivi are fermented and aged solely in steel and without skin contact . Though the family does farm some modern varieties ( Merlot , Chardonnay , Sauvignon ) , Mario holds a strong preference for local varieties . They are also blessed with having a high proportion of old vines on their property , as Mario feels that the old vines draw greater minerality into their wines . Leaving the cellar for the cozier confines of the family 's tasting room , we were joined by Mario 's father , Ferdinando Zanusso , who slowly but surely took the reins as we sat down to taste and discuss the wines . One could quickly fathom from where Mario inherited not just his looks but also his intensity , as Ferdinando is the kind of man who imparts as much information and intention with a quick look , gesture or phrase as many people take minutes and paragraphs to convey . In earlier phases of his life , he spent time in Africa with the United Nations and also worked in the maritime transport field before settling at I Clivi , where he and Mario have been producing wines since the 1996 vintage . The first of two examples of Friulano came next , the 2009 Colli Orientali del Friuli Friulano \" Vecchia Vigna al Clivi , \" which comes from 60 year - old vines immediately adjacent to the house and spent a year on its lees before being bottled in October 2010 . Intensely salty , with a gorgeous balance between fleshiness and racy acidity . A 2009 Friulano \" San Lorenzo , \" from the Collio DOC , was richer , less mineral , more savory in its flavors , with an attractive vegetal undertone and a classic signature of bitter almond flavor on the finish . It spent two years on the lees in tank . Galea is a single vineyard on the home / COF side of the property with dry , marl - rich soil -- a mix of chalk clay and limestone . Relative to the younger wines we 'd already tasted , it boasted a higher alcohol level of 14 % , a level now much more typical of the region , in this case a direct side effect of the hotter than average 2006 growing season . The wine was nonetheless perfectly balanced ; redolent of fennel and loaded with stony flavors and textures , it was downright fantastic . Still , the wine was far from without its own charms ; much more tropical and zesty on the nose , with aromas of lychee and hothouse flowers , along with a subtle peppermint scent . Neither Mario nor Ferdinando are particularly fond of sweet wines , so they opt to produce a Verduzzo -- one of the two autochthonous vines of the region , along with Picolit , typically used for sweet , appassimento wines -- in a dry style . In the words of my traveling companion Wayne , Verduzzo is \" a red wine grape with white skin . \" While that character is generally masked in sweet expressions of Verduzzo , it came through clearly here , with a tannic , grippy , somewhat aggressive texture that called out for food -- roast pork or veal come to mind . Arguably the most forward wine in the day 's lineup was the 2009 Colli Orientali del Friuli \" Bianco Degli Arzillari , \" a blend of Chardonnay , Sauvignon and Traminer . Not at all aromatically overbearing , as the presence of Sauvignon and Traminer in the blend might suggest , it was fleshy and quite pleasant . If forced to pick one wine that did n't particularly call out to me , it would be I Clivi 's 2008 Collio Malvasia . A varietal expression of Malvasia Istriana , it was fat on the palate , from front to rear , creating an initial impression of sweetness yet finishing dry and mineral , with lingering flavors . Again , it was n't my fave but is was still a very good expression of Malvasia . As the evening progressed and our tasting wound down , Ferdinando offered us one last taste , of the only red produced at the estate , the Colli Orientali del Friuli Merlot \" Clivi Galea , \" in this case from the 2003 vintage . Regardless of country and region , the Merlot vine loves clay and there 's clay aplenty in the ponca soils of the Galea vineyard . Classically red - fruited and elegant at first taste , it took on a smoky character on the finish , where it showed quite a firm spine . Food came to mind once again , this time roast beef with pesto .... . Bidding Signore Zanusso arrivederci under starry skies , I was ready for dinner , dreaming of sleep and , most of all , still savoring the intense , lingering impressions left by the wines and the particular passions of a father and son growing wines in the Friulano hills . As I mentioned yesterday and as many of my colleagues have also reported , each day of our trip thus far has begun , at least in the \" official \" capacity , with a thematic tasting organized by the staff of the Consorzio dei Colli Orientali del Friuli . Thus far , we 've worked our way through fairly extensive lineups of Friulano ( day one ) , Sauvignon ( day two ) , as well as Schioppettino and Pignolo ( on day three ) . The 2006 Pignolo from Conte d'Attimis - Maniago was one of the standouts , for me , of yesterday 's lineup of Pignolo . Today , we 're in for a change of pace , switching gears from local wine to a representative triad of the local food culture : Prosciutto di San Daniele , Formaggio Montasio , and Gubana . I 'm posting this while the rest of the group is already in the midst of the introductory presentation , so I 'd better be on my way .... . The highlight of yesterday 's itinerary , for me , was an all too brief visit at Ronco del Gnemiz . More on that later .... This morning I 'll have to let the pictures do most of the talking , as I 've just enough time for a quick post before heading off to the Consorzio to taste a lineup of Schioppettino and Pignolo . Our first official winery visit of the COF2011 ( this was on Monday , mind you ) took us to Azienda Agricola Valentino Butussi , in the hamlet of Corno di Rosazzo neat the southern boundaries of the Colli Orientali del Friuli . Open hearth fireplaces , called focolare , like this one in the dining room at Villa Butussi , are typical to Friuli and are in fact considered symbolic of the region . Many major cities in the world now have local branches of the Focolare Friulano , a worldwide network of associations devoted to preserving the Friulano language and the cultural history of the area . All four of Angelo 's children are involved in one aspect or another of work at the family estate . His son Filippo ( at right above , with Dottore Parzen at left ) took the lead in presenting the wines during our home cooked lunch . And there 's no question that Mama Butussi is a fantastic cook . Her salsiccia e cipolle served over polenta bianca was out of this world delicious -- one of those dishes I will absolutely have to attempt to replicate back home . For me , it paired just as nicely with the Friulano as it did with the Refosco that Angelo chose to accompany it . I 've yet to ask how old this olive tree is but it 's got to have some serious time on those roots . As its canopy attests , it 's still very much alive in spite of that seriously gnarled , hollowed trunk -- a true work of art , sculpted by nature . Over a plate of crispy fricco and glasses of Friulian bubbly , we all were able to unwind a bit and get to know each other a little better . That aforementioned snack turned out to be quite a lovely lunch , incredibly typical of the hospitality shown by Italian wine growers and industry folk . I walked in expecting a little antipasto and walked out , four courses later , quite the sated traveler . Pasta with sausage and winter vegetables let to a family style assortment of antipasti , which led yet again to a cheese course as well as dessert . Each dish was matched to one of the wines produced at Il Roncal , a 2009 Schioppettino being my personal favorite of the day . We 're really lucky to be staying in such a lovely place . No , I 'm not trying to rub it in , gloat , schmooze , shill , etc . It 's just how I feel right now . I 'm sure you 'll see and hear more about our home base at some point in the days to come . For now , though , I 'm off to our first official event of the week ( even though where I really want to be off to is slumber land ... ) , so more later . In just a few hours , I 'll be boarding a plane to Paris , final flight destination Venice , where I 'll be meeting up with my friends Jeremy , Wayne , Alfonso , Samantha and Nicolas . From there , it 's on to our digs in Colli Orientali del Friuli , where we 'll be spending a week getting better acquainted with the region 's vines , wines and some of their growers . I 'm looking forward to meeting our \" handlers \" from the Consorzio dei Colli Orientali del Friuli tomorrow . Above , from left : Director Mariano Paladin , Technical Advisor Francesco Degano ( who will double as our driver ) , Media Director Sabrina Constantini , and council member and former president Adriano Gigante . ( Photo courtesy of Jeremy Parzen and the official COF2011 blog . ) I 'm truly psyched for the trip . I know things have been more than quiet around here of late . Never before have I gone two weeks at a time without posting . What can I say ? It 's a new year with new challenges , even a new job ( more on that at some point after my return from Italy ) . As much as I love to write , to blog , to stay in touch with all of you via this semi - social forum , I 've needed the break in order to focus on other things . The week to come will see me return with a vengeance . At least that 's the plan . Expect daily updates , photos , and as much detail as I can squeeze out of my memory banks and onto these pages in the hours of each day 's itinerary that have been set aside for our writerly endeavors . It should go without saying that I hope you all will follow along with the action here at MFWT . But do n't forget that I 'm just one part of the overall # COF2011 team . ( That 's our Twitter hashtag , for those of you who care about such things . ) So , once you 've gotten your daily fix here , please head on over to the Colli Orientali del Friuli 2011 group blog to check in on all the action and the hopefully diverse range of reactions to our shared experiences . Always wanted to explore Burgundy but never knew quite where to start ? Here 's a great opportunity to dig in and have fun . In this class , we 'll cover the various regions that constitute Burgundy as a whole , from the M\u00e2connais in the south to Chablis in the north . We 'll focus on the two primary grape varieties of the region - Chardonnay and Pinot Noir - but also taste wines made from lesser know Burgundian varieties such as Aligot\u00e9 . Come see for yourself why so many Francophiles are in love with all of Burgundy ! I 've said it before but it bears repeating : these classes tend to sell out very quickly , so jump on board . Even if you 're an old hand when it comes to Burgundy , I promise I 'll be pouring a lineup of wines compelling enough to keep everyone happy . "}
{"url": "http://wouldashoulda.com/2012/10/30/uh-who-likes-candy/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701159376.39/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193919-00081-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Keynote address to the Communist Party National Members Conference , April 27 & 28 , 2013 , New York City . I want to welcome you to Winston Unity Center , named after our former National Chairman , Henry Winston . Winnie , as he was affectionately known , would be very happy that we are meeting this weekend to turn our attention to the twin tasks of building a transformative movement and party . Few things were closer to his big heart . I hope each of you brought your thinking cap to this conference . Its success rests on your active and thoughtful participation . So do n't be shy , do n't hold back , tell us what you think . It is easy to become frustrated with the pace and scale of change in recent years . Over the past 30 years or more , the working class and its allies have lost far more battles than we have won . Nearly every section of the working class - none more so than racially oppressed and women workers - has lost income , job opportunities and rights as the capitalist class has ferociously pressed its offensive . Entire regions have been turned into economic wastelands . Many cities have become concentrations of poverty , inequality and racial segregation . The temperature of the planet has tacked upward at rates that , if they continue , could endanger life on our fragile planet . And wars , the buildup to wars , and the steady expansion of U.S military presence worldwide for geoeconomic and geopolitical advantage - albeit disguised in the language of containing threats to peace , stability and democracy - has continued no matter who occupies the White House . The election of President Obama in 2008 and his reelection in 2012 gave millions hope that this awful situation would change for the better . But that hope has n't been fully realized . To be sure , some positive changes have occurred over the past four years . Stimulus measures put a tourniquet on a hemorrhaging economy , one war was ended and another war is winding down , health care was expanded to millions who up to now had none - to name a few of the accomplishments during these years . Only someone disconnected from the everyday lives of millions would \" damn these achievements with faint praise \" or , worse still , give them no praise at all . As for us , we not only acknowledge positive changes , but we also note that they were in no small measure the result of the persistent efforts of an energized movement of which we are a part . In fact , the main trends that frame life for the multiracial working class continue to slope downward or move sideways . How do we explain this ? Part of the explanation is that the economic terrain - offshoring , new technologies , the decline of old industries , new international competitors , and so forth - shifted in ways that have been disadvantageous to the working class over the past three decades . Another part of the explanation is that the economic crisis that broke out five years ago and rambles on more or less unabated cut the ground from underneath working people here , not to mention on a world scale . But the main factor explaining the grim circumstances in which the working class finds itself is the one - sided intensification of the class struggle by the capitalist class . What I 'm saying , if it is n't clear , is that it is n't mainly changes in the overall economic environment that account for long - term wage stagnation , double - digit real joblessness , growing income inequality , and the erosion of democratic rights , liberty and democracy . It is , instead , the result of a sustained and successful counteroffensive of the 1 percent to reassert its class power , privilege and wealth at the expense of tens of millions . This offensive was , and still is , as much political and ideological as economic . And if you think this unrestrained offensive is easing up after nearly 40 years , you are badly mistaken . It has lost none of its ferocity . In the epicenter of this offensive at the moment is the battle over so - called \" entitlements . \" While they wrap their attack on earned income benefit programs in the gown of \" good fiscal governance , \" the actual aim of broad sections of the capitalist class is pretty clear . It is to eliminate the whole bundle of rights and benefits that the American people secured in battles going back to the 1930s . So far a broad people 's coalition has prevented any weakening of Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . But the battle is far from over . Which leads me to ask : is it any wonder that the hopes of tens of millions for a progressive turn in U.S. politics have yielded to a day - to - day grind that feels more like the past than a future filled with promise ? The answer is \" NO . \" It is n't any wonder . But we ca n't leave things here . Reality is many - sided , complicated and contradictory . And political reality is no different . To be more specific , intertwined with the corporate offensive is the emergence of a broad people 's movement which has been fighting like hell over three decades to keep what was won in earlier struggles . It does n't yet have transformational power , by which I mean the political and organizational capacity to effect a political realignment in a progressive and radical direction on a national scale . But it does have transformative potential . In other words , the loosely - organized movement of the present contains early signs of an emerging political force that could well pack the wallop to give the country a \" new burst of freedom , economic security , and peace . \" Now some may say this is nothing but wishful thinking on my part . So I want to take a few minutes to make a case for my claim . And to do so I 'm going to lean on an earlier period in our nation 's history . As you probably guess , I 'm referring to the 1930s . During that momentous decade , a confluence of factors came together to bring about progressive and democratic political transformations despite a determined and powerful opposition . To name the most important of these factors : . The ground on which people lived changed dramatically when the bottom fell out of the economy . The conventional wisdom that gave legitimacy to \" business as usual \" politics gave way to new democratic and class understandings among substantial segments of the American people . Broad democratic unity and alliances of diverse people and organizations came together . Splits in elite circles grew and were skillfully utilized by insurgent forces . New leaders and organizations emerged - none more important than the CIO , and the left grew rapidly . Millions of formerly passive people shed their lethargy , took to the streets , engaged in disruptive actions and not least , streamed to the ballot box . The color line was bridged - not completely and not permanently , but enough to make a new level of multiracial unity a reality . As a result of all this , the defenders of the status quo and the old economic regime were no match for the liberal , progressive , socialist and communist change - makers . A political realignment took place in a democratic direction . A period of reform ensued . And the role of government expanded to include , among other things , the provision of jobs and economic relief . Now I 'm not suggesting that in today 's movement we see a carbon copy of the movement of the 1930s . But I am saying we see some loose parallels that should give us hope that an era of broad , deep - going and democratic ( anti - corporate ) restructuring of our political and economic institutions is possible . What are some of these parallels ? Has n't the ground on which people live shifted over the past three decades in dramatic and excruciatingly painful ways ? No , it 's not the Great Depression , but it is pretty damn bad . Has n't the thinking of substantial sections of the people changed in a democratic , progressive and radical direction ? In public opinion polls capitalism 's star is sinking downward , while socialism 's is on the rise . Has n't labor taken many important steps to transform itself into a fighting force in the 21st century ? Have n't we seen the emergence of new alliances of organizations and groups on our side of the class struggle ? Who would have thought a decade ago that labor and environmental groups would find common ground on many issues ? Have n't we seen a rising anger and militancy across this land of ours ? Less than a month ago , our comrades in Chicago joined other Chicagoans in mass civil disobedience to stop school closings . Have n't people entered the political arena in dramatic ways in the past two presidential elections , despite systematic Republican efforts to block them ? Has n't anti - racism gained ground , and done so , I would argue , in the face of an amped - up racist offensive coming from rightwing extremism and its corporate backers ? And have n't we been part of a movement that feels like it has transformative potential - if not immediately , then down the road a bit ? I do n't dispute any of this ; it 's all true . But I would say this in reply : These factors make our task daunting to be sure , but not so daunting that we should lower our sights , trim our sails or worst of all , give up . I 'll be the first to admit that building a transformational movement with the power to change the politics , priorities and political economy of our nation is not for summer soldiers . It is n't a get - rich - quick scheme . But it is n't pie - in - the sky either . It is feasible and doable . The American people should n't settle for a second - rate future . And a second - rate future or worse is what waits if progressive and left activists in the labor movement and elsewhere falter in their efforts to build a movement with transformative capacity . How then do we go forward ? What are some of the main ingredients that when taken together , bring about a transformative movement and change ? And by this measure , socialist transformation is not on the agenda in the near and medium term . The American people , much like the president , are - to paraphrase Billy Joel - in a reform state of mind . They do n't yet have the desire or the wherewithal to bring down the curtains on U.S. capitalism . Similarly , it should be an energetic part of the struggle to give the Republican Party a licking in next year 's Congressional elections . Defeating rightwing extremist candidates is the key link in moving the whole chain of struggle forward . It will take an expansive coalition of voters , including independents , centrists and even some moderate Republicans . But some say the grounds for democratic reform within the framework of capitalism have largely evaporated , that the struggle for reforms is fool 's gold . Granted it is more difficult to win reforms in current circumstances . Nevertheless , turning these considerable difficulties into a reason to say nothing ( from partial to more advanced demands ) can be won should be rejected . It would be tantamount to surrender . Now I realize that many people feel frustrated with the Democratic Party . Who does n't ? Not in the past 30 years have the top layers of the Democratic Party fundamentally resisted the main direction of neoliberalism - that is , the supremacy of capitalist markets , deregulation , financialization , the pruning of government 's role , and upward redistributive economics . In fact , at many important turning points , Democratic Party leaders brokered deals and greased the skids for neoliberalism . It was Bill Clinton who campaigned for NAFTA , squeezed the heart out of the welfare program , lobbied hard for bank deregulation , and famously said , \" The era of big government is over . \" Moreover , since 2008 the Obama administration has advanced many positive reform initiatives , which the movement would be foolish not to welcome and support . In these circumstances , it would be foolhardy to refuse in advance to ally with the Democratic Party as a whole or sections of it under any conditions . That would be a prescription for marginalization . Nor would it bring a movement with a transformative agenda any closer to building a new political vehicle that consistently speaks for a broad array of people and organizations who feel the crushing weight of the corporate class and its political sponsors . In fact , it would move it further away . Also vital to building a transformative movement is an understanding of which social forces have to be brought together for progressive and radical change . Not any kind of movement can make fundamental change ; it takes more than the left , more than progressives , more than radicalized youth . A transformative movement will only materialize to the extent that it is able to attract the working class and its organized sector , people of color , women and youth into its center . Still other ingredients for a movement hoping to challenge entrenched power are a commitment to participate in every arena of struggle , flexible tactics , a readiness to employ various forms of struggle , and robust use of social media . The allergy that some on the left display toward electoral forms of struggle - sometimes dismissively called \" electoralism - is wrongheaded . As I see it , a movement that entertains transformative objectives will leave a larger and larger and increasingly independent electoral footprint on the political landscape going forward . A constant struggle for unity in all its forms is also essential to a transformative movement . At its core is the fight against racism , male supremacy , nativism , homophobia and other forms of inequality and oppression . The search for common ground and a common program of action is not at loggerheads with the fight for equality . In fact , the common ground will be wider , deeper and more durable to the degree the broader movement vigorously fights for equality in all of its forms . While in recent decades vast political , economic , social and demographic transformations have occurred , the fight for full racial equality retains its overarching importance . Anyone who devalues the struggle for racial equality and against racism limits the sweep of any victory at best . At worst , it provides an opening to the most backward sections of our ruling class to gain ascendency . Indeed , for three decades racist appeals were the grease that smoothed the passage to power of the extreme right . And this filth has not ebbed since Barack Obama 's election four years ago . Actually , it has ramped up . A firm and broad rebuff to this counteroffensive is imperative . And white people and white workers should be in the middle of this fight . A movement that has transformative aspirations has to strengthen its own political and organizational capacities to reach , mobilize , and unite millions as well . Some successes have been achieved no doubt , but this process of renewal and growth has still considerable distance to go . Of particular importance in this regard is renewing the political and organizational capacity of labor and the left , both of which , as I mentioned earlier , played overarching roles in the struggles of the 1930s . It is hard to imagine a qualitative turn in a progressive and radical direction that does n't include a far more robust presence and level of engagement of both . Still another ingredient to building a transformative movement is a vision of deep - going democratization of our economic and political institutions . In this era of economic stagnation , multiple crises and shrinking democracy , the reforms applied in the post - World War II period no longer suffice . What is needed is a program that breathes new life into our democracy and challenges the logic , profits , prerogatives and growth imperative of corporate capitalism . Among other things , some public ownership is in order at the level of the commanding heights of economy and an expansion of the existing cooperative / solidarity sector of the economy . Yet another ingredient of a transformative movement is a willingness to challenge the growth of the coercive powers of the state and the military - industrial complex with its far - flung network of bases , both of which are rationalized in the name of fighting \" The War on Terror . And , of course , a movement that represents the future must be a tireless fighter to transform the economy along sustainable lines and make the world a habitable for human beings and other species . In the words of the notable climate scientist James Hansen , we are facing a \" planetary emergency . Finally , a transformative movement has to \" Keep Hope Alive . \" The three - decades - old neoliberal corporate offensive , ramrodded first of all by right - wing extremism , galvanized resistance to be sure . But it also crushed the hopes of countless numbers of people for the possibility of social change . Thus a task of a movement with transformative desires is to articulate a compelling and hopeful narrative that convinces millions that collective avenues of action will bring changes for the better in their everyday lives . So far I have outlined what it will take to build a transformative movement . In my remaining time , I will focus on the process of growing and renewing our Party . Our role is n't to stand apart or declare ourselves the vanguard or show off our political pedigree or flaunt symbols and images from another era . To the contrary , we should be in the thick of day - to - day struggles ; we should embrace slogans and symbols that resonate with the experience of the American people ; we should be radical , but reasonable and respectful of others . We should have deep appreciation of our nation 's diverse peoples and cultures ; we should be drum majors for peace and non - violence even as we articulate the anger that we and others feel . We should be uncompromising fighters against racism , male supremacy , anti - immigrant bashing , homophobia , and other forms of oppression ; we should build unity and more unity . It is no coincidence that the transformative movement of the 1930s included a growing and dynamic Communist Party and Young Communist League ( YCL ) . Communists are organizers , but of a particular type . For the past decade or so we have been attempting to bring everything we do in line with the new conditions of struggle of the 21st century . Much has been accomplished , but the mission of transforming , modernizing , and growing our party is a never - ending journey . That journey includes giving life to our programmatic and strategic polices in the course of grassroots activity and struggle . It includes a commitment to ramp up our presence on the social media . It includes a readiness to further build up our system of education for communists and noncommunist alike , off and online . It includes expanding the avenues of membership input into the decision making process . It includes a willingness to reach out to people and organizations on the left . It includes an updating of the party 's polices , ideology , constitution and program . It includes appreciating the new circumstances and rhythms of the day - to - day life of tens of millions . It includes adjusting our understanding of membership responsibilities to contemporary life . It includes bringing our party 's image , symbols , and slogans into the 21st century . It includes finding a place on and off line for members who for one reason or another are unable to attend club meetings . It includes giving more attention to questions of theory and self - study . It includes a steady increase in the party 's public presence . It includes asking co - workers and friends to join the party as well as become financial sustainers . It includes building a bigger YCL . And it includes growing and training a broadly - based leadership who think independently , organize the party 's work , enjoy the confidence of our members and friends , and represent the party in the public square . Organizing more active and vibrant clubs is the ground floor of transforming our party . It is hard , if not impossible , to qualitatively increase our political and organizational capacity without a much larger organizational presence in the form of clubs at the local level . Just as union power depends on local unions , party power is grounded in a dense network of clubs across the country . It should go without saying that clubs will come in many different shapes and sizes . One size does n't fit all . Clubs have to adapt to the comrades who are members of them and to the places where they are located . Some will be statewide , others citywide , and still others located in a neighborhood or workplace . The main thing is that we continue to build clubs into centers of education and struggle . I have gone on too long . Let me end with this . The challenges before humanity are formidable . Living in the early decades of the 21st century is not for the faint of heart . But we should proceed with our discussions this weekend confident in two things . One is that humanity will overcome these challenges with the same determination , spirit , and creativity that it has done at earlier turning points in human history . And the other is that the party and YCL will play their part in this great struggle for a future that is worthy of humankind . S\u00ed Se Puede ! NOTE : This version of the report is slightly edited from a previous published version . "}
{"url": "http://habsloyalist.blogspot.com/2009/08/for-your-viewing-displeasure.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701159031.19/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193919-00153-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Keweenaw County election results . EAGLE RIVER -- Most voters in Keweenaw County did not necessarily agree with the rest of Michigan on national and state winners in the Nov. 6 election . As for local candidates , with a few exceptions , they tended to choose incumbents in the contested races . Voters in every one of the five Keweenaw County townships supported Mitt Romney ( with a county total of 774 votes ) rather than Barack Obama ( 582 votes ) . However , Keweenaw County voters chose to re - elect Democratic Senator Debbie Stabenow ( county total : 694 votes ) with a margin of less than 100 votes . Her challenger , Republican Pete Hoekstra , received a total of 628 votes in the county . Four townships went for Stabenow with Houghton Township giving an even 36 votes to each of these two candidates for U.S. Senator . In the race for First District U.S. Representative in Congress , Keweenaw County ( every township ) chose the winning incumbent , Republican Dan Benishek ( county total of 724 votes ) over his Democratic challenger , Gary McDowell ( 583 votes , total ) . Green Party candidate Ellis Boal received a county total of 18 votes , while 32 county votes went to Libertarian Emily Salvette . While Calumet 's own Scott Dianda won the 110th District State Representative seat over incumbent Matt Huuki in other parts of the District , making him the winner , Keweenaw County gave Huuki 6 more votes than Dianda . The townships showed differences in this race : Eagle Harbor and Grant townships went for Dianda , while Allouez , Houghton and Sherman townships gave a few more votes each to Huuki . The county totals were Huuki , 691 , and Dianda , 685 . Contested local seats in Keweenaw County included County Commissioner for District 1 and two seats on the Keweenaw County Road Commission . In a close race for the District 1 ( Eagle Harbor and Grant townships ) County Commissioner seat , Democratic incumbent Don Piche ( with 222 votes ) defeated Republican challenger and former County Commissioner Don Keith ( 207 votes ) . While Eagle Harbor Township gave Keith 137 votes to Piche 's 107 , Grant Township supported Piche with 115 votes to Keith 's 70 . The other county commissioners ran unopposed . For the Keweenaw County Road Commission 6-year term , Republican John G. Karvonen ( 805 votes ) defeated Democrat Ernest J. Mooney ( 542 votes ) . In the partial - term Road Commission election , Democrat Gordon Jaaskelainen kept his seat with 797 votes over Edwin Tulppo ( no Party affiliation ) , who received 416 votes . Incumbents in other county offices were unopposed . In Township races , Republican challenger Rich Probst , Jr. , unseated Eagle Harbor Township Supervisor Ed Kisiel ( no Party affiliation ) by a vote of 201 to 41 . Grant Township Supervisor , Republican Ken Stigers , kept his seat by defeating Democratic challenger Alex Protzel ( 119 to 69 votes ) . Grant Township voters also showed support for the Copper Harbor School by approving a 5.2 mill renewal with a vote of 152 to 29 . County voters also voted \" yes \" for a 15 mill renewal for Keweenaw County Police Protection , by a vote of 920 to 342 . In tiny Sherman Township , from a roster of six candidates , the two incumbent trustees were re - elected : Republican Robert Strykowski ( 39 votes ) and Democrat Deneen Connell ( 30 votes ) . In the non - partisan election for Justices of the Michigan Supreme Court , Keweenaw County voters chose two of the actual winners . For the two full - term seats , they gave the most votes ( 467 ) to Stephen Markman , who did win one seat , and to Connie Marie Kelley ( 399 votes ) , who did not . County voters gave 371 votes to Colleen O'Brien and 360 to Bridget Mary McCormack , who won a full - term seat ( with the largest number of votes statewide ) . In the partial - term Supreme Court election , Keweenaw County agreed with the statewide choice of Brian Zahra , giving him 498 votes . On the six statewide proposals , Keweenaw County voters reflected the statewide vote -- voting more \" no \" than \" yes \" on all six . Of Keweenaw County 's 1,939 registered voters , a total of 1,411 ( 73 percent ) voted in the Nov. 6 , 2012 , election . In the five townships , Eagle Harbor Township had the highest percentage voting -- 95 percent of those registered . Sherman Township was second with 83 percent ; Grant Township was third with 81 percent ; in Houghton Township 79 percent voted ; and in Allouez Township , which has the highest number registered ( 1,269 voters ) , only 66 percent of them voted . Ben Weaver returns to Hancock , Marquette . Ben Weaver is a writer , musician , long - distance bicyclist and a good friend of Lake Superior . He returns to Hancock for an evening of song , story and reflection at 8:30 p.m. Saturday , Feb. 13 , at the Orpheum Theater , 426 Quincy St. , Hancock . $ 10 suggested donation . If you are in Marquette today , Friday , do n't miss Ben Weaver at an evening of multimedia storytelling and environmental solidarity from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. TONIGHT at Marquette Federation of Women 's Clubs Clubhouse , 104 W. Ridge St. , Marquette . $ 10 at the door . Proceeds benefit Save the Wild U.P. . + News Briefs / Announcements . Khana Khazana is serving Korean food this Friday , Feb. 12 . The menu includes Beef Bulgogi ( Korean stir fry beef served with rice ) , Soegogi - muguk ( a popular Korean soup ) , and Musaengchae ( spicy Korean salad ) . A full meal including a fountain soda costs $ 7.25 . The lunch is served from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Michigan Tech 's Memorial Union Food Court . The Hancock Tori will hold a February Market from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. this Saturday , Feb. 13 , at the First United Methodist Church , next to Quincy Green in downtown Hancock . Home - grown and hand - crafted items . A great chance to find a gift for your favorite Valentine ! Dance Zone Marquette will hold their annual Sweetheart Ball dinner dance on Saturday , Feb. 13 . Doors open at 5:30 p.m. Hors d'oeuvres at 6 p.m. Dinner at 6:30 p.m. $ 22 per person . Catered by Eric . Blue Champagne will play for after - dinner dancing . Call Marge at 906 - 236 - 1457 for reservations by Thursday , Feb. 11 . Door prizes and fun ! Dance Zone is at 1113 Lincoln Ave . , Marquette . Click here for details on Dance Zone events . Trails at Maasto Hiihto are being groomed . Click here for the KNSC Trail Report . HEET ( Houghton Energy Efficiency Team ) is planning a 2016 Winterization Campaign and Efficiency Challenge . Local businesses , organizations and church groups are getting involved . HEET has moved into a new office in Hancock at 422 Quincy St. in Hancock . Click here for info . Copyright Policy . For our copyright policy , please click here or email us if you wish to use any of the photos or video clips by Keweenaw Now . Photos by guest photographers are copyrighted and you must seek their permission for re - use . This policy applies to the photos in our slide shows as well . Please do not share photos taken by guest photographers without their permission . Friends of the Land of Keweenaw . Upper Peninsula Environmental Coalition . The Upper Peninsula Environmental Coalition 's mission is protecting and maintaining the unique environmental qualities of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan by educating the public and acting as a watchdog to industry and government . Save the Water 's Edge . A Rascal 's Craft . The poetic musings of Eelu Kiviranta , a Finnish immigrant and self - proclaimed rascal . Side - by - side Finnish with English translation by Lillian Lehto . Introduction by Steve Lehto . Includes \" The Copper Country Strike of 1913 . \" Available from Amazon or the translator , 1419 Yosemite , Birmingham , MI 48009 , $ 19.95 . Click on cover to see Youtube video . Rozsa Center for the Performing Arts . Distant Drum . Original clothing and wall pieces custom designed and sewn by Andrea Puzakulich in the Keweenaw for 25 years . Distant Drum is located in Hancock 's Historic E.L.Wright Bldg . Open most weekday afternoons . Call ahead . Portage Lake District Library . Houghton County Democratic Party . Finlandia University . Houghton Keweenaw Conservation District : Annual Tree Sale . Main Street Calumet . Keweenaw BEST ! Michigan League of Conservation Voters . What Is Sustainable . Author Richard Adrian Reese recounts how his life took a new direction after 9 years of simple living in the Keweenaw -- and offers a new worldview for a sustainable future . Keweenaw Unitarian Universalist Fellowship will hold a discussion of this book at 7 p.m. May 21 . See our review . Welcome to Keweenaw Now ! Welcome to our Keweenaw Now blog . The Blogger format allows you , our readers , to comment on any post . Read our articles here and send us your comments and suggestions ! Your comment will come to us on email ( without showing your email address ) and as long as it 's not objectionable we will post it on the article page . Click on the comment link below the article to send us a comment . Sometimes the number of comments is indicated on that link on the home page . It may take some time for it to appear . In addition , Keweenaw Now offers editing -- including editing of scholarly papers in various fields -- and some translation services . We can also help you write or edit the text on your Web site . Iraq death count . Weather . More stories in our Archives ... . If you missed one of our previous articles , you can find all of them archived through links in the right - hand column . Click on the week you missed , and the headlines of articles for that week will appear as links you can click on to read the story on its own page . "}
{"url": "http://geoffwhaley.com/tag/love/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701159155.63/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193919-00117-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Becoming A Parent . Before I was Mom I could drink any alcoholic beverage , stay up all night long and sleep all day . Before I was Mom , I loved to go out dancing and partying all night . Before I was Mom I loved to randomly invite strangers back to my apartment for an \" after party \" fun game of cards and maybe even some home cooking . I had fun , I had a blast , but that was BEFORE I BECAME MOM . It is so funny how I went from party queen woman to responsible Mom person . I drive through my town daily and see all these young girls and boys that are pushing a stroller , smoking a cigarette and dressed half naked and I think , \" really , are you a Mom or a kid ? And where is your parents ? \" I can not imagine raising my children as a child myself , but I also could not imagine showing my children such a lifestyle of walking the streets daily and hanging with the \" bridge people \" as we used to call them in our high school years . I get sad when I see these babies do not even have a chance , they will grow up thinking walking the streets , doing drugs and getting drunk is the ONLY way of life . This makes me so sad , because it is no one else 's fault but the parents and the parents of these young mothers and fathers . The young mothers and fathers are not always teenagers , they are adults , at age 18 they think they know it all and rule the world . Often times these babies of these families grow up to be uneducated high school drop outs , or worse , drug dealers . When I became a mother I made a personal , internal decision . I asked myself , \" what kind of mom will you be ? \" My first instinct was to say \" I wo nt ' be like my parents \" Is n't that what we all say ? But as I thought harder , I realized my actual answer to this question was , \" I will be the Best Mom I can be . I will do all I can to create a individual who can think for themselves , make mistakes & learn from them , and grow up to be a bright individual person \" . I wanted to be the best Mom I could be , I wanted to take some of the great parts of my parents and combine them with my great parts to create a new version of my parents . A version unlike anyone else , because that is ME , I am a person , I am not my Mom , and I am not my Dad . I am Brandy , mother of three , positive thinker and creative writer . I will not say it was easy for me to give up the partying , because even today after three children I miss those partying days and I long for a nice night out to get drunk and have a little adult fun . Being a parent is not always easy , it requires you to think about your children before you act . You need to ensure all that you are doing is something you want your children to see . I am even going to try to get my hubs to write some on his blog , Daddy Knows All , so that you can get a well rounded Mom and Dad 's perspective on how life changed when we became parents . Be sure to subscribe to my blog so that you can read my daily posts . If you are interested in hearing my husband 's point of view on this subject please visit his blog to subscribe . Brandy is a NH Mama who desires to share her stories as a means to inspire others to live life fully , learn from their mistakes and move forward . When Brandy is n't rambling , she is off on adventures to experience life to the fullest in New England . Author , with her daughter , of Positive Girl - The Power of Your Thoughts Question about this post or something found within it ? Read my Disclosure Policy as well as Terms of Use . i think that many of those young moms think of their child slung on their hip as and accessory , like a cute handbag , nothing more . they just carry it around all day , doing what they have always done . drives me crazy ! very good post ! I agree with you that being a parent carries with it a certain level of responsibility and part of that is setting a good example for your children . That said , having a little fun is n't a bad thing either . But then again , maybe my fun is more tame than the fun you used to have in your pre - kid days . Children need to see that grown - ups can let lose and have safe harmless fun . It 's just another area where we need to be setting an example . A child who never sees his parents drinking alcohol wo n't know how to pace himself , etc . So I 'd say be aware of your actions , do n't do anything you would n't want your child to be doing at your age , but also , have fun too . I sent you an email . I do agree that children do need to see parents having fun . I mean in the real world we make mistakes , we drink , we may smoke a cigarette , etc . By all means I want my children to see the real side of people . I do not pretend to be some fake person and am not perfect . I just am not one to raise my children in a party house - and many of the young ones I see around who are parents - raise their children in party houses . And I mean EXTREME . I 'd love to weigh in on this one . You are right on Brandy . We RARELY and I mean RARELY drank around our children . I grew up as a child thinking that every family had happy hour . When I went to college as an 18 year old , legal to drink at the time , I thought it was what you did . I was surprised to find that some people actually did n't drink . Kids do n't learn to pace themselves by watching their parents . I do n't even know what that means . I certainly did n't drink as an 18 year old thinking that if my parents stopped after 2 drinks I had better too . When drinking and partying are the exceptions to the rule , kids learn that it 's not a part of every day life . But the reality is that kids decide their own path based on the morals that you instill in them and the influences of their peers . When my kids are gone they will decide what they do with their free time . My hope is that they make good decisions . Good for you for taking responsible actions for your kids . What a great post Brandy ! I grew up seeing the drinking , parting , and the ' trashy ' way of life . I know how painful some of my childhood memories are and would n't dream of letting my son experience even the slightest bit of similar behavior . I want my son to grow up in a healthy environment , free of addictions and vices . Yes , I was a teenager and then part of the 21 + crowd that did stuff , got drunk , and messed up . But WAS is the key word there . Of course I will still have a glass of wine here and then . But I promised myself to be not only the best mother I can be , but to really work to create a fun environment at home for my children . Eat dinner together , play games together , do crafts together . I would have gladly traded most activities growing up for a family dinner and monopoly game . As a child raised by a couple of hippies , I totally agree . I remember drugs in the house , parties at all hours , me at age 4 being wherever I wanted as long as I was n't in the middle of the adults . My brother came along a few years later and not long after , they began to clean themselves up . By the time I left middle school they were excellent parents . But it took a lot of work on their part , and they had two sets of parents who gave them support . In the early days , my grandmother watched us kids all day long just to give us some stability and sane people around us . Now , raising two kids myself , I wonder how my mom ever did it . I totally admire how she cleaned herself up and got herself together . Was I scarred and changed because of what I saw ? Absolutely . I became the adult in the house at a very young age , and never quite learned the same relaxed social skills other kids did . Even today , 37 years later , I 'm a lot more serious than I really need to be . But I did learn a few things from my parents - people make mistakes . We do stupid stuff . And its never too late to turn around and make it right . You may not be able to fix it , but choosing to turn around makes a huge difference . Not everyone is so lucky . My cousin 's parents never turned around and he grew up thinking drugs and drinking were okay . His life has never been a healthy one . When I see teens doing that , dragging their kids along , I wonder ... will their kids grow up like me , or like my cousin ? Being a mom I think takes a different kind of fun . Being a parent will definately be a 360 degree change in lifestyle . Connect With Me . Friends . Best Travel Deals . Giveaway Alerts . Valentine 's Day . Hosting Done Right . Positive Girls . TenderedApp . Member . Button ? "}
{"url": "http://www.ekklesia.co.uk/node/9226", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162035.80/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00051-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "CUANAS . Monday , June 07 , 2004 . David 's Medienkritik ( a blog I will be linking to)has a post and photos you 've got to see . For the past few months , the IDF has been operating a hotline to address problems faced by Palestinian residents in the Gaza Strip . The call center is manned by two operators 24 hours a day and addresses problems related to various issues , including health , sanitation , and connection with aid organizations . According to an IDF source , the hotline deals with 150 requests per week on average . \" This is a humanitarian hotline , aimed at showing Palestinians a light at the end of the tunnel and indicate to them that there is another way , so they do n't think there 's nobody to talk to \" , said the source . Sometimes , operators at the center face surprising situations . Recently , a Palestinian caller reported that terrorists are attempting to launch mortar shells from his backyard and that he is trying to drive them away . The Palestinian requested that the army refrain from firing at his home , and the IDF handled the situation accordingly . In another case , a Palestinian reported that doctors were intending to disconnect his elderly mother from a respirator in light of overcrowded conditions at the hospital . IDF soldiers facilitated the evacuation of the woman to an Israeli hospital , where her condition was stabilized before she was taken back to Gaza . There are many cases of Israeli human rights organizations reaching out to help Palestinians , but this is notable because it is actually the Israeli government . One could claim the Hotline is just a good P.R. move . I am disinclined to agree . I believe it is set up to be exactly what the spokesperson said , a \" light at the end of the tunnel . \" I believe Israel believes that the Intifada might be close to being over , and realizes they need to hold out an olive branch , if a lasting peace is to be built . The New York Times ran a series of news stories in late 1945 reporting , in part , the following : . \" Germans Reveal Hate of Americans , \" October 31 , 1945 . The German attitude toward the American occupation forces has swung from apathy and surface friendliness to active dislike . According to a military government official , this is finding expression in the organization of numerous local anti - American organizations throughout the zone and in a rapid increase in the number of attacks on American soldiers . There were more such attacks in the first week of October than in the preceding five months of the occupation , this source declared . \" Loss of Victory in Germany Through U.S. Policy Feared , \" November 18 , 1945 . Grave concern was expressed today by informed officials that the United States might soon lose the fruits of victory in Germany through the failure to prepare adequately for carrying out its long - term commitments under the Potsdam Declaration . Government failures were attributed in part to public apathy . The predictions of a coming crisis are predicated upon three points : . 1 ) The failure to start training a civilian corps of administrators to take over when the Army 's Military Government pulls out of Germany by June 1 . 3 ) The failure of the Allies to decide together , or the United States for itself , the crucial economic question raised by the Potsdam Declaration ; namely what level of German economic activity is desired over the long term ? An exhaustive compilation of opinions of Germans in all walks of life on their reaction to the United States occupation of their country was released this afternoon from the confidential status under which it was submitted to officials of the United States Forces in the European Theatre recently . Bitter resentment and deep disappointment was voiced over the Americans ' first six months of occupation , though there was some praise for the improvements in transportation , health conditions , book publishing and entertainment . Before the war my liberal friends were telling me that America was invading Iraq for oil and to line the pockets of George Bush and his cronies . More moderate liberals were telling me that , while we might not outright steal Iraq 's oil , we would use it to pay for the war . Jeez , our bill for the was is $ 120 billion and counting . It will , in my opinion , exceed $ 200 billion and maybe approach $ 300 billion . Iraq can produce , at maximum output , $ 20 billion of oil per year . $ 20 billion worth of oil , not $ 20 billion of profit from oil . I 'm sure the profit are huge , but still , it 's going to take a lot of years of us ' murikins stealing oil to pay for this war . I consider the money we invested in this war foreign aid . I mean really , what are we getting out of this ? Friday , June 04 , 2004 . National Review posted an article by French writer Denis Boyles today which discusses how France , in general , feels about D - Day . Boyles postulates , with some help from the Communist paper l'Humanite that France has a war , of sorts , going on with the U.S. Here 's an exerpt : . It 's the battle against American influence . It is n't accidental that Michael Moore and Jerry Lewis are France 's two favorite American comics . Seeing a handful of bad American soldiers as symbols of American culture is the way racists think whenever they see a black gang terrorize a subway train in the south Bronx . In France , it 's the way history is written , redacted , and then written again . But rewriting history has its limits . When Gerhard Schroeder , the German chancellor and the architect of Berlin 's economic failure , was invited to share the podium at the D - Day events , nobody in Europe thought much of it . In fact , it was hard to imagine Jacques Chirac hosting an international event without bringing along his Herr . It 's an idea that has been growing in popularity in Europe for some time . As this report in the Guardian shows , when you can adjust history to fit , you can even make Germans the victims of Germany , if you want . So seeing D - Day as the beginning of German \" liberation \" had a certain excitement to it . So , yes ! Of course ! Not only France , but Germany too had been liberated , according to this report in Lib\u00e9ration , by the French resistance - and , okay , maybe with help from all those gum - chewing barbarians from America that l'Humanit\u00e9 was talking about . As I called around Paris on Monday , the idea seemed to have been greeted with a kind of awe . To a dark planet filled with the gloom of having to celebrate an American triumph , Liberated Germany was God 's own light bulb . Why does war always have to have winners and losers ? Ca n't we all be winners ? \" You must admit , it is a mature way of seeing things , \" one magazine writer told me . Memri.org ( via FrontPageMag ) has an interesting post post translating and quoting Saudi Arabian government officials blaming \" Zionists \" for recent terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia . Here 's a quote from a Wolf Blitzer / CNN interview of Saudi Foreign Affairs Advisor Adel al - Jubeir : . On May 13 , 2004 , CNN 's Wolf Blitzer questioned Saudi foreign Affairs Advisor Adel Al - Jubeir about Crown Prince Abdallah 's statements : . Blitzer : \" Your Crown Prince Abdallah , he made a very controversial statement , as you well know ... He was accusing Zionists of that most recent terror attack in Riyadh . On the basis of what ? \" Osama bin Laden wants to destroy the Saudi state . Osama bin Laden wants to destroy the Saudi government . Blitzer : \" Is the crown prince , who 's the effective leader of Saudi Arabia , equating Al - Qa'ida with Zionists ? Al - Jubeir : \" That 's not what he was trying to say here . What he was trying to say is that the objectives of those people who have been most harsh toward Saudi Arabia are the same as the objectives of Osama bin Laden . It does n't mean that they committed this crime . Blitzer : \" Because we listened closely to that tape and we had several Arab linguists listen precisely . And what he clearly said was that he believes 95 % - not 100 % , but 95 % - that the people who undertook this most recent terror attack in Saudi Arabia was not Al - Qa'ida , but were Zionists . Al - Jubeir : \" ... When you say behind them , it means supporting them intellectually . That does n't mean financially . It does n't mean that they put them up to it . It just means that they share the same objective ... \" . Blitzer : \" ... Do you want to issue any sort of apology for the comments of your boss , the Crown Prince Abdallah ? Al - Jubeir : \" Why apology ? I was explaining it to you . There 's no apology necessary . Blitzer : \" Because of the impression that he left that for that most recent terror attack he was blaming Zionists . Al - Jubeir : \" Because , Wolf , what happens with Saudi Arabia , unfortunately , after 9/11 is anything that Saudi Arabia does or says is perceived with a lot of criticism . \" It 's sort of , we are guilty until proven innocent . It should be the other way around . And so nobody cuts us any slack . And every little thing is exaggerated . Every little thing is inflated . I can look at statements by American officials . I can look at statements by officials of other countries that are outrageous and that have not solicited apologies from them or from anyone else . But when it comes to us , we 're always the ones who have to apologize . I do n't see a reason to do this here . \" [ 6 ] . Ok , ok . We 're sorry . Go ahead and blame the \" Zionists . \" Maybe we should think it does n't matter what you say . Is that what you would like , for the whole world to think you are not worth taking seriously ? There are quite a few other quotes in the Memri post that more directly accuse accuse the \" Zionists \" but I just thought this one was humorous . "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Niners/MikeKnoop", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701165302.57/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193925-00077-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "An Inside Look at how Microsoft got XP on the XO . 5 Jan 2009 . As part of a small personal project , I 've been reading through the court exhibits presented in Comes V Microsoft . One of those exhibits is a chain of internal Microsoft emails discussing how to get Windows XP on the OLPC . In these mails , there is a \" recap \" ( and some later email discussion ) of a meeting between Orlando Ayala , Craig Fiebig , and Tom Phillips from Microsoft with Rodrigo Arboleda of OLPCA and Marcelo Calure of Brightstar . A \" realistic \" XO laptop OS ? I am Jason Melton and I 'd like to point out several things we learn in the recap : . Microsoft was already working directly with Hector Ruiz , the Executive Chairman of AMD to get XP on OLPC , and specifically planned on enlisting AMD to \" shift Nick into a more realistic state on the Open Source philosophy . \" The entire purpose of the meeting is to help get XP on the OLPC . Marcelo and Rodrigo further give specifics on how Microsoft should present its proposal , make sure Microsoft gets it to all the board members - presumably because they now know the board members that are likely to support it - and also further agree to review it . So , not only is this not a one - off meeting , but part of a continuing effort to assist Microsoft . ( We also see in the email discussion that Microsoft has another meeting with AMD coming up . ) We also see what I personally consider one of the saddest things about the meeting : Marcelo and Rodrigo agreeing that Nick needs acknowledgement from Bill Gates - the impact of this would be \" very significant \" . To address this , Microsoft plans to draft up an email for Gates to send - my man ca n't even get a real email . The cold identification and exploitation of a human weakness seems especially brutal to me . After the re - cap there is some email discussion which is also illuminating . We see that Microsoft already has a back - up plan to compete with the OLPC : . The duplicity of Microsoft trying to create a \" long and visible \" record that directly contrasts the actual dealings may or may not come as a surprise to the gentle reader . Finally , in case you think I 've failed to mention it : there is never any talk of \" the best technology \" or \" educating or empowering children \" or \" customers / governments want Windows \" or any such merit - based discussion . Since a very long time , MS have nothing to offer that could not be bought better and cheaper elsewhere . The XO is evidence what new and exciting things can be made if you simply ignore Microsoft . It is only corruption and dirty tricks that keep Microsoft 's empire alive . \" Since a very long time , MS have nothing to offer that could not be bought better and cheaper elsewhere . \" Very true . And they ca n't even deliver this minimum level at a fair price or without restrictive licensing terms . Desktop Linux does as well as Windows for most people , and has for the past several years . If only more were willing to take the plunge ... . \" It is only corruption and dirty tricks that keep Microsoft 's empire alive . \" I would argue that advertising plays a major role as well . MS has made \" Windows \" synonymous with \" Computer \" in most people 's minds . Since Windows works \" OK \" , they have no motivation to look for anything better , and MS is free to push their proprietary formats , vendor lock - in and overpriced add - ons . OSS is a much better deal , but does require that the average desktop user step outside their comfort zone . For more detail see that attached and let me know if you want to chat before your call . Note : This is not a partner program and is MS - internal only \" . Be sure to look at the \" Linux Account Wins / Threats / Losses \" table at the end . I could not resist to offer a brief analysis . This is exactly the problem with OLPC - the behaviour is expected from microsoft , but weak politics in what was supposed to be a social endeavor . Then again , how did the board members for this social endeavor get to be AMD / DELL execs ? And why is there no info about the OLPC board of directors in the OLPC wiki ? Business people either think they can outsmart Microsoft , their lawyers can outsmart Microsoft , or they have no clue as to what Microsoft really is / has been / does . Negroponte probably still has no clue as to why Microsoft is never going to be a friend to the OLPC and the goals they have attempted and I doubt the new people there understand the problem either . There are a few others inside of OLPC who were and are clueless of their business practices and history . If only someone there would give each and every one a copy of \" The Innovator 's Dilemma \" they might get a small clue . Unfortunately , this naivety is how Microsoft often wins . In business , you need to thoroughly know your friends and your enemies . If you do n't , you 'll never know which they are . I am shocked , shocked to see that people and corporations look out for their own interests . Color me cynical but I do n't see anything surprising , illegal , or ill intentioned in these revelations . Having Windows on the XO even if only as a check mark does help OLPC . Having Microsoft as an ally does help OLPC . No one in politics or business offers support to a cause without gettig some sort of benefit back . I participated in the first round of G1G1 . My kids like the OLPC but they often wish they could play their favorite Windows educational games on it . Neither they nor I really care what negotiations lead to that ability as long as nothing illegal is involved . Putting the rather large assumption that having Microsoft as an \" ally \" is actually beneficial : . Did you read through all the information that Marcelo provided ? I find the release of sensitive information to the \" other side \" of the bargaining table - before the bargaining began - to be pretty surprising . I know I would be fired immediately if I revealed information like that outside of my company . [ [ Below applies to the \" generic you \" and not the poster \" Contrarian \" specifically . ] ] And seriously , be honest -- in all likelihood you would n't care even if something unquestionably illegal WAS shown in the emails . After all , Microsoft has already been convicted and/or settled numerous court cases related to antitrust and anticompetitive behavior in multiple courts , national and international . If all that does n't bother you , then you 're likely to not be bothered . And that 's fine . But do n't pretend like you have some strong moral compass that Microsoft is in line with , just admit you do n't apply morality to the industry and be done with it . Sorry , I do n't believe in \" strong moral compasses \" or absolute good and evil . That 's for fairy tales . Likewise with the Microsoft antitrust history . As an influential participant in the echosystem , Microsoft has had considerable effect for both good and bad . Some Microsoft allies have derived benefit and others have n't . Some Microsoft antagonists have derived benefit ( if only for fund raising purposes ) and others have n't . I would say the same about the FSF by the way . I am not surprised by the amount of inside information revealed to Microsoft in the described meeting . I would also be surprised if Microsoft did n't already have much of this information from other sources . One of the advantages and disadvantages of Open Development is that plans all too often are out there for all to see . I do care about illegal behavior in part because , in my experience , when lawyers get involved , development slows to a crawl . Legal action is almost always bad PR and harms a platform . For the most part all the litigation surrounding Microsoft has not offended my sense of morality as much as some of the actions undertaken by my government ( e.g. Iraq ) . It tends to be mostly about contract law with various parties doing their best to advance their interests . Politics is the art of the possible . Private companies such as Microsoft and Google can be helpful in advancing the common good but that is not why they are in business . Recognizing that fact can go a long ways towards building alliances to accomplish goals . @Contrarian : \" Sorry , I do n't believe in \" strong moral compasses \" or absolute good and evil . That 's for fairy tales . Likewise with the Microsoft antitrust history . \" On a scale from the FSF to the Cali cartel , where would you place MS ? What the evidence from the different court cases have shown is that MS will break the law whenever they think they can get away with it . All to kill or prevent competition . The above documents show that MS conspired with individual board members and employees of the OLPC to damage the interests and aims of the OLPC . If this is not outright illegal , it shows ( again ) that they are completely untrustworthy as a partner . These documents also show that MS is NOT interested in the education of children in the developing world . On the contrary , they would happily sacrifice that education to prevent a competitor a market opportunity they themselves do n't want to service . The evidence available shows that this is indeed Standard Operating Procedure at MS . . We ourselves suffer a lot too because of all the lost opportunities , computer mallware , and spam . All of which are amplified by MS ' singular focus on marketing and market dominance at the exclusion of security . Please donate your old boxes to a church - group or some needy student in these hard times ! Now , explain to your lucky recipient that all the manuals they will ever need are available for free on the internet ! Just ask for them in Google ! OpenOffice , which is installed already is plenty adequate for homework assignments and with a little exploring , everything else can work well too ! Happy computing ! the way I read this , at least Rodrigo Arboleda and possibly Marcelo Calure should be taken into custody for voluntary corporate espionage . They clearly were going agains the OLPC 's interests and gave an outside party ( Microsoft ) sensitive information . I would say prosecute them for the selfish criminals they are . In fact , I hope their remaining lives will be an utter misery . "}
{"url": "http://bloodshedera.deviantart.com/art/I-did-everything-for-you-275674899", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701160918.28/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193920-00252-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Pages . There are n't many designers in SL that I 've found who can do prints on their clothing and match the clothing texture to the prim texture very well . And I get it . It 's hard work ! With the variations in avatar bodies , it 's almost impossible . But when you find someone who is willing to put the work into doing it and doing it well , it 's just something that you ca n't miss out on . My friend Shiryu Musashi of Musashi - Do is one of those designers who is willing to sit and put the work into turning out lovely hand - drawn pieces with prim work that almost exactly matches the clothing texture . His latest release , Tender Blossoms , proves that fact ! An Eastern inspired mini cheongsam , Tender Blossoms is one of those pieces that you can dress up in a variety of ways . I found that it just took changing shoes to give me a completely different feel to the dress . With the high sculpted collar and the little sculpted frog buttons [ um , not like the ribbit ribbit frogs ! LOL ] , this pretty dress would make a great addition to your wardrobe . However , you WILL need to wear underwear because the glitch pants do n't quite cover up all the goods . Also , and I already told Shiryu about this and he told me to be quiet [ kidding , kidding ! ] , the skirt prim is just one piece . I prefer two pieces because I have a weird shape or something and always need the back prim to be up a lot higher , but he showed me how to move the prim around so it would work . It might not require any modding for you , or you might need to rotate the prim a little , but it 's not too hard . The Tender Blossoms come in four delicious colors and are priced at $ 225L each , or a fatpack for $ 719L , and are available at the Mushashi - Do mainstore or on XStreet . Also in this post : . Skin : Misty Pale in Glam by League Eyes : Zbilja Spirit in Crystal Blue by Exodi [ Group gift ] Lashes : Diva by LeLutka Hair : Tatum in Happy Blond by fri.day Facial piercings : F1 Piercing by FlipSide [ Extremely modded by me . It barely looks like the original , but the original is very cool ! ] Shoes from left to right : . Floria strap sandals in Pink Tulip by G Field Sueshoo sandal in White by Periquita Black Prestige boots by Bax Alice Cullen ballet flats in light pink / silver by Cherry . When I 'm on my island fixing things or moving things around , I do n't usually pay that much attention to what I 'm wearing , probably to my neighbors ' distress . I could be in a formal , or in a bathing suit , or not wearing anything at all . Luckily for me , designer Gauge Laville of Blacklisted created some adorable lingerie sets about a month ago , and since then he 's added 3 new ones to his lineup . They 're so cute , in fact , that I feel entirely comfortable running around the island in them . These are just made to be seen ! If you picked up his last sets , you owe it to yourself to run down to Blacklisted and get these as well , because these are even better than the last ! If you get the Triple Threat fatpack for $ 499L , you also get matching stockings for each set . I 'm not actually a fan of stockings with print on them [ I find they go too weird at the ankle ] but if you are , you 'll love these . Time to shop ! Also in this post : . Lately set : Hair : Serena in Happy Blond by fri.day Boots : Engineer Long Boots by J 's Bracelet : Skully Pearly Bracelet by Lostwood [ freebie ] Ring : Butterfly Duo by SyDS . For just one tiny $ Linden , you can get this cute little background to use for your own pictures . Best part ? Only 3 prims ! So you can get your witch on even if you 're low on prims . :) Be sure to check out all the other photosets while you 're going to spend your $ 1L on this ! PS : 10 points if you know the song I got the title of this post from ! Also in this post : . Skin : Misty Pale in Smoky Turquoise by League Eyes : Zbilja Spirit in Crystal Blue by Exodi [ group gift ] Hair : Jasmine 2 in Happy Blond by fri.day Top : No clue . Just says \" Long Tank - black \" and is in a Halloween folder Skirt : 05 Tartan by Edge Grafica Socks : 06 over - knee socks - gray by Edge Grafica Boots : Engineer Long Boots by J 's . How do you not fall in LOVE with this dress ? I love a great low back and this is SO perfect because it 's not just on the texture of the dress , but also a prim to give it a little extra gorgeousness . And the gloves with the slouchy studded leather cuffs ... mmm ! You also get the option of silver , gold , or turquoise colored studs . You can choose one color for $ 255L or the fatpack for $ 790L. If I were you , I 'd fatpack , because I did n't and now I 'm kicking myself . There are also some new super awesome kicks out at League , and the Kate skin now comes in the pale tone . Lots to look at and BUY ! Unless you live under a non - fashion rock , you 've probably at least heard of Fifty Linden Friday . Put together originally by OMGWTF Barbeque of This Is A Fawn , every Friday from midnight to midnight SLT , a group of designers offer a $ 50L item in their stores . It 's a small group of designers , usually about 10 - 12 , so it 's not overwhelming at all . I 'm not sure how the stores are chosen . Some are in every Friday group , some switch out , but each Friday it 's just so much fun to pop over to the participating stores and see what the generous designers have set out . There is also a group in world to get the list each week , although the participating designers usually send one out through their groups and subscriber groups . I joined the group to get the list to send to my friends each week , so if you ever really need it , feel free to IM me on a Thursday to get it . Today 's Gaze is put together from a super cute sweater dress , the Cuddle Maxipull , from Fishy Strawberry . It 's pink , which you all KNOW that I love , and it has such a Barbie Doll feel to it , I could n't resist ! Especially since it was only $ 50L ! My poses are from Long Awkward Pose , who is also participating in this week 's $ 50L Friday . These silk cheongsams come with embroidered gold dragons and frog closures . Very detailed , very gorgeous . You also get some gold baby dragon earrings and the China doll flat shoes , along with a pretty parasol ! Each set is just $ 350L , which you have to admit is a great deal for an entire outfit that includes shoes . You can choose either red or black , but I would just LOVE to see a dark blue one ! [ Hint hint , Sioxie ! ! LOL ! ] Be sure to look around Second Wave Apparel when you go to pick these cheongsams up . I just know you 'll find something you love ! Also in this post : . You might have noticed in my last post , I was standing in the middle of some very pretty landscaping . I wish I could take credit for making it all work , but nope . What I was standing in is a Pocket Garden by Carter Denja and Stormy Aluveaux . The Pocket Garden is absolutely amazing ! Especially for someone like me who is n't all that great at landscaping . Just rez out the size of your choice , and poof ! Insta - garden ! These are super awesome too because they 're scripted to change the color of the flowers [ slightly . It wo n't give you crazy colors . ] and change the \" ground \" covering . You have options of having a soil ground , grass , and others . Even an invisible one so your own terrain can show . All of the sizes come with a bench with a couples pose , and the 5x10 and 10x10 come with a single ground sit . There is also an \" environmental \" background sound that changes with the time of day , a bird that chirps , and you can change the color of the lamp & light . It 's really just a great piece of work ! If you regularly buy landscaping items in SL , you can also see what a great bargain you 're getting , especially if you purchase the fatpack of all 3 sizes for $ 800L. There are also bases and hedges included , which are not shown in these pictures . The Pocket Gardens are not modifiable or transferable , but you can copy them . I would love to have a mod / copy version option in the future , just to be able to move a few things around , but honestly , these are just perfect as - is . Set to be released today , designer SySy Chapman has created some long , gorgeous , Indian inspired gowns called Vata ! Oh , these are just so so pretty ! In 3 different colors , they are halter styled with a very low dipped back that is both sexy and elegant . Let 's take a look ! I absolutely adore the pretty print and the colors are PERFECT for the fall season , just so rich and jewel toned . As they 're not out in the store just quite yet , I 'm not sure on the pricing , but SySy 's clothing are all VERY reasonably priced . I will update this post with the prices as soon as I get them . One group that I have never left , even when it was quiet for months , is the Free Speerit group . Desidelia Vella does absolutely beautiful female skins and she 's very generous in giving away special makeups from time to time . Today 's gift is a special group only makeup of her newest skin - Fiona . This is just such a gorgeous skin ! All the details are beautiful and if I were a darker skinned avatar , I think I would most definitely run to this skin . Fiona is free in the group notices for the next 2 weeks , so run to join and grab it ! There is a $ 1L joining fee , so if you have to join and leave , at least it wo n't break your bank . :) The full Fiona line with 20 makeups will be at the Free Speerit mainstore this Sunday . "}
{"url": "http://www.operabase.com/festival.cgi?lang=sl&is=na", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148558.5/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00214-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Christians of the Holy Land : An indigenous pilgrimage . Haig is an Armenian Christian from Jerusalem , a city that is six miles and twenty minutes north of Bethlehem . Haig also happens to be my younger brother , and our family have lived in Jerusalem ever since 1915 when my grandparents fled Ottoman Turkey to Palestine during the Armenian genocide . Indeed , Bethlehem and Jerusalem , the fulcra of the Nativity and Resurrection of our Christian faith , were once bustling with local Christians . In Jerusalem , two of the four quarters of the Old City ( the Christian and Armenian ones ) are a living testimony to their centuries - old presence . Yet , today , although my brother and his family have steadfastly chosen to remain in Jerusalem , scores of Christians have left in search of more dignified , politically stable and economically viable alternatives . So what do Christians witness in this land of frequent pilgrimages but also of infrequent visions ? Some 60 short years ago , Christians constituted roughly 25 per cent of the overall Palestinian population in the Holy Land , and around 80 per cent of Bethlehem , Beit Sahour and Beit Jala . Today , those numbers have dwindled drastically - in Bethlehem , for instance , they are just over 15 per cent of the overall population - largely because of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians . No matter how people choose to interpret facts or massage realities , the political situation has been - and remains to be - the primary cause for the alarming reduction in the number of indigenous Christians in this biblical land . Christians have almost lost hope in a land that witnessed the incarnation of our hope . Dr Bernard Sabella , a sociologist who is also Executive Secretary of the Department on Service to Palestinian Refugees and Member of the Palestinian Legislative Council , has published numerous statistical studies on the haemorrhaging outflow of local Christians . In one study as far back as 2004 , he estimated that local Christians now stood at far less than two per cent of the overall population , suggesting that this decline reflected a dearth in socio - economic and political visions for Palestine . Over the past 43 years , since the Israeli occupation of Palestinian land in June 1967 , rapacious Israeli settlers have colonised Palestinian land - often aided , and frequently abetted , by successive Israeli governments . In Bethlehem , as in many other parts of the West Bank , an ugly separation wall encircles relentlessly the Palestinian areas , dividing one Palestinian from another , one institution from another . With secondary and smaller cement walls buttressing this wall , and with Israeli Jews - only settlements on Palestinian land , along with 400 checkpoints severing towns and villages from each other , Palestinian resources are being snuffed out and have resulted in the creation of small gaols within those territories . The concomitant consequences have been unemployment , poverty , socio - economic meltdown , despair and violence . Is it still any wonder that Palestinian Christians are leaving in droves ? In a speech on 29th April , Professor John J Mearsheimer , R Wendell Harrison Distinguished Service Professor of Political Science and co - director of the Program on International Security Policy at the University of Chicago , described some Israelis as the New Afrikaners . Indeed , such corrosive apartheid ( separateness in Afrikaans ) policies are being exercised by Israel in many Palestinian territories ( where Christians live in small numbers amongst Palestinian Muslims ) . Can such weakened communities resist any longer ? However , in focusing upon the sinister effects of Israeli occupation , it is equally scrupulous to look at other concerns befalling Palestinian Christians in this once - golden land ( as the prophet Zechariah described it ) . Two contributory strains , I would suggest , are Christian - Muslim relations and Western Christianity . Today , those conduits of conflict resolution are far more complex and much less discernible , and the tensions between Palestinian Christians and Muslims are perceptibly more frequent even if most Palestinians would deny them vehemently due to an overall anxious sense of nationalism . I believe this is due in part to a growing political Islamisation within specific cross - sections of Palestinian society in the West Bank ( and certainly in Gaza , with its tiny pocket of Christians and their public institutions ) today . Some Muslims have become less inclusive , spurn diversity and openly or secretly consider non - Muslims as infidels who do not belong to the land . Such attitudes are due to an ill - considered , even blinkered , belief that the links those Christians have with the larger Universal Church in the West ( Greece , Rome or London ) could turn them into potential political fifth columns ! I have heard Palestinians speaking out - often discreetly - about some practices of physical and structural violence whereby Christian shops are the last ones to be frequented for business and where Palestinian Christians are the last to receive financial aid from local authorities . Engage a Christian deacon , ironmonger , butcher , secretary , verger , or physician , and one detects those worries simmering under the chipped veneer of pan - Palestinian solidarity . This is an unfortunate development that is neither Islamic nor provides proper ijtihad or jurisprudence . But it does occasionally detract from the collective effort necessary to focus on the central objective of Israeli occupation and is alas , a reality that increasingly blights the lives of everyday Christians . But is the radicalisation of some pockets of Islam the sole reason why a small but important number of Palestinian Muslims are looking charily at Palestinian Christians ? Has Palestine become an almost Lebanese clone where confessional politics are taking hold of what has for long decades been a fiercely secular and inclusive society ? I for one , remember growing up in a neighbourhood of northern Jerusalem that had many Muslims who were not only ' neighbours ' but also friends . I am sure that Haig could tell stories about his own experiences of friendships and respectful coexistence . After all , Palestinians had almost always been united by their political aims , not divided by their religious affiliations . One can not also forget that some of the incipient Palestinian liberation leaders were Christian , as are politicians , parliamentarians and ambassadors today . It is not always helpful to turn into an ostrich in the midst of a sand dune either . They claim this is because God chose the Israelites as His people and entered into a Covenant with them . It is therefore the duty of Christians , those groups claim , to defend Israel ( a political entity ) and Israelis ( a demographic entity ) over the whole biblical land of Israel ( a geographic entity ) . Surely , to be hemmed in by a faith perception that is literalist or exclusivist is not how our Lord and Saviour would have acted today . I can not frankly see many Jews getting terribly excited by this Christian plan ! But there exists today a finite tactical alliance whereby Jews overlook the underlying eschatological motivations of some Western Christians in return for their unstinting financial and political support of Israel . The Old Testament has become the organic nexus between [ some ] Christians and [ some ] Jews , at the expense of the New Testament and the indigenous followers of Christ region - wide . So where do we Christians of the Holy Land stand today as pilgrims of faith on our journeys of faith ? I believe that the three existential challenges I highlighted are together leading some Palestinian Christians to re - calculate constantly their options . I suppose one could add that Jews , Christians and Muslims are united through Abraham and Sarah , hewn from the same rock ( Isaiah 51:1 ) , and so it becomes essential to find ways for co - existence in this land between the three monotheistic faiths . But how does one affirm the Christian presence in the Holy Land ? In Bethlehem , for instance , in order to dissuade young Palestinian families from leaving the Holy Land , the Franciscan Order is building new flats and offering them to young Palestinian couples in return for low - rent tenancies . This is a practical - and critical - tool to help counter emigration . But if we mean to tackle the root causes of the problems facing Christians in the Holy Land today rather than paper over the symptoms alone , the first station should be an end to Israeli occupation and its illegal practices . Palestinians must be set free from captivity , imprisonment , separation walls , settlements , ID confiscations and allowed instead to pursue their own destinies and hopes - and to make their own mistakes . Only then could they be expected to put their own house in order - presently in shambles - and become accountable as they edify at long last their independent state . Do not be a friend of Jesus in time of peace only but also in time of persecution . Perhaps we should all learn - I before you - to be less \u00e0 la carte Christians with anaemic faiths and to show instead resoluteness , fortitude and solidarity in our outreach to our neighbours during times of adversity . The theme of the Synod is The Catholic Church in the Middle East : Communion and Witness and is underscored by the scriptural verse ' Now the company of those who believed were of one heart and soul ' ( Acts 4:32 ) . So today , I invite you to spare no effort in reaching out with love , prayer but also action to those quarantined Living Stones ( 1 Peter 2:5 ) who face the daily vagaries of life in the midst of human pain and unholy conflicts . Our Christocentric faith does not call for apathy , nor should it pander to hyper - inflated political correctness or jaundiced cynicism . What it exacts from us can perhaps be summed up for me by St Paul 's Letter to the Ephesians to seek the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace ( Ephesians 4:3 ) . Can we all ' do our small bit ' and pursue our mission and help ensure that those Living Stones do not inevitably become the deadened sites of the Holy Land let alone of the wider Middle East ? \u00a9 Harry Hagopian is an International lawyer & EU political consultant . He also acts as Middle East advisor to the Catholic Bishops ' Conference of England & Wales and as Middle East consultant to ACEP in Paris and is a regular Ekklesia contributor . Formerly , he was Executive Secretary of the Jerusalem Inter - Church Committee & Executive Director of the Middle East Council of Churches . This article was published in Mission Outlook Volume 43 # 2 in July 2010 , and is reproduced with grateful acknowledgements . Although the views expressed in this article do not necessarily represent the views of Ekklesia , the article may reflect Ekklesia 's values . If you use Ekklesia 's news briefings please consider making a donation to sponsor Ekklesia 's work here . "}
{"url": "http://www.omgblog.com/2013/05/omg_flipping_grandma-zing_90_y.php/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+omgblog+%28%21%21+omg+blog+%21%21%29", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166222.10/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00274-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Today , October 11 , 2014 , marks an interesting moment of challenge and possibility in the development of anti - caste thought and liberation philosophy . Dalits ( \" Untouchables \" ) and other oppressed peoples in India know better . And so do those who have critically studied the collected writings of Gandhi and his historical record in South Africa and in India . Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. represented the best of what many have come to understand as the Gandhian way , but tragically , Gandhi himself did not . I encourage everyone to read Arundhati Roy 's erudite and myth - shattering Introduction to the recently published book of Dr. B. R. Ambedkar 's 1936 Annihilation of Caste ( which also reprints an important exchange between Gandhi and Ambedkar ) . In my view , no one who reads Arundhati Roy 's Introduction will ever think about Gandhi in the same way again . The Social Justice Research Academy , held annually every July at the University of Pennsylvania , is for high school students - from across the USA and around the world - who are interested in the theory , history , and contemporary practice of social justice . to attend provocative lectures , films , and site visits , and . to participate in activities and workshops , including Theatre of the Oppressed . Recent Articles . Subscribe . You are invited to preview my Syllabus for the Spring 2015 course - GLOBAL URBAN POVERTY - a graduate offering in the School of Design at the University of Pennsylvania : This course will meet on Mondays , 9am-12noon . [ Schedule Note : The first class meeting will be on Wednesday , January 14 , 2015 ; and , the class will not meet on the Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday on Monday , January 19 , 2015 . ] As this syllabus is always being revised in light of the latest research and global developments , comments and suggestions - particularly from prospective students - will be warmly welcomed and appreciated . Please note : This course , sponsored by PennDesign for graduate students in the Master 's degree program in City Planning ( MCP ) , is open to graduate students across the University of Pennsylvania . Serious undergraduates may enroll with course faculty permission . For more information about the course , please write to me at : ATLamas@sas.upenn.edu . You are invited to attend the upcoming conference - \" The Many Dimensions of Herbert Marcuse \" - at Brandeis University ( Waltham , MA ) on October 1 - 2 , 2014 . The keynote addresses will be delivered by Martin Jay ( UC , Berkeley ) and Douglas Kellner ( UCLA ) . Will you sponsor the Tribute to Change to show your friends , family , and colleagues that you support real change ? Just as we cheer for our honorees , we proudly announce your name as a sponsor because your support deserves applause . When you sponsor , you affirm our work and our deep commitment to community organizing as the best way to deliver real change . The International Herbert Marcuse Society has cooperated with the Radical Philosophy Association to publish a special double issue of the Radical Philosophy Review in 2013 . The first of these two issues was published in Summer 2013 , and the second was published in Fall 2013 . Queer Critique , Queer Refusal In a moment of widespread assimilation of lesbians and gays , there are also continuing exclusions - of poor queers , queers of color , undocumented queers , disabled queers , nonmonogamous queers , transgender people , and others . Herbert Marcuse 's reflections on sexuality , freedom , and negation are helpful in articulating a strategy and an ethics for a renewed queer criticism - one alive to both new inclusions and ongoing exclusions . Focusing on Marcuse 's concept of the Great Refusal , this paper considers the marginalization of gender and sexual outsiders as a political resource , the basis for a project of difference without limits . Holly Lewis . This article uses the history of Marxist praxis , including Marcuse 's contributions , to argue for abandoning linear and stagist assumptions of gradual change in favor of a dialectical approach toward the intersection of identity formation and social struggle . Peter Marcuse . Occupy Consciousness - Reading the 1960s and Occupy Wall Street with Herbert Marcuse Herbert Marcuse was concerned with many of the same issues that confront the Occupy Wall Street movement today . Change the militant \" students \" in the 1960s to the militant \" occupiers \" today , and his views on their philosophical bases and strategies for change remain similar . Militant protest is reacting to an aggressive , profit - driven system , reducing its subservient population to consumption - fixated one - dimensionality . George Katsiaficas . Eros and Revolution In his later work , Marcuse concerned himself with the nexus between social movements and unconscious dimensions of human nature . He understood Nature ( including instincts ) as an \" ally \" in the revolutionary process . In this paper , I seek to explore his insight through the concept of the \" eros effect , \" which I first uncovered while analyzing the global revolt of 1968 . Forms of direct democracy and collective action developed by the New Left continue to define movement aspirations and structures . Although contemporary rational choice theorists ( who emphasize individual gain as the key motivation for people 's actions ) can not comprehend instinctual motivations , a different understanding is central to my conception . Michael Forman . One - Dimensional Man and the Crisis of Neoliberal Capitalism - Revisiting Marcuse in the Occupation A new wave of global protest movements offers the opportunity to reassess Marcuse 's work in the early twenty - first century . Before engaging with the Occupy movement and its analogs , it is necessary to scrutinize Marcuse 's assumptions about the affluent society . This examination suggests that the conditions of neoliberal accumulation diverge significantly from those Marcuse more or less took for granted as permanently stabilizing capitalist societies in the Global North . While much of what Marcuse offers retains relevance , its appeal to the new movements is not immediate because these can no longer take for granted the prosperity of the earlier era . Francis Dupuis - D\u00e9ri . Herbert Marcuse and the \" Antiglobalization \" Movement - Thinking through Radical Opposition to Neoliberal Globalization There is at present a broad social movement opposing the advanced capitalist system and the politicians that support it . As in the 1960s , this political current is comprised of reformists ( social democrats ) on the one hand and radicals ( anticapitalists and antiauthoritarians ) on the other . In proposing a rereading of Herbert Marcuse , we hope to facilitate a better understanding of the frame of mind of the radicals participating in today 's movement against capitalist globalization . The limitations of Marcuse 's thought may point to the limitations of contemporary radicalism while highlighting its originality when compared to the protest movements of the previous generation . Sarah Lynn Kleeb . The Violence of Tolerance - At the Intersection of Liberation Theology and Critical Theory Utilizing insights from liberation theologians and critical theorists , this paper examines the intersection of tolerance and violence , as manifest in contemporary world events , particularly the 2010 G20 protests in Toronto . Connecting Marcuse 's scathing critique of tolerance to first , second , and third forms of violence , elucidated by Dom H\u00e9lder C\u00e2mara , suggests that the modern conception of tolerance does little to hinder the violence of the state . C\u00e2mara asserts that reactionary violence is wholly dependent on the initial engagement of representatives of authority ; Marcuse may have considered such reactions a refusal of blind tolerance and an assertion of agency in the face of repression . Toorjo Ghose . The strategy of management , militarization , and meditation ( or the 3 M strategy ) demonstrates the Marcusean notion of repressive tolerance and characterizes the police response to public dissent . Costas Gousis . Postcards from Greece ! I identify this moment in Greece as a battle for hegemony between the dominant narratives of disaster that perpetuate the vicious cycle of debt - and - austerity and an alternative , radical narrative of here - and - now . Wolfgang Leo Maar . Beyond and Within Actual Society - The Dialectics of Power and Liberation The materialist approach of One - Dimensional Man emerges in a later work in which Marcuse connects the notion of \" new sensibility \" to a \" complex intermediary function of the intellect . \" Revolutionary praxis \" is not simply negation but contradiction , \" and thus Marcuse 's \" new idea of reason \" constructs a liberating rationality upon a technological one . This is accomplished by moving from an abstract \" concept \" of possibility to the perception of possibility as a \" social alternative . \" Here I examine the \" dialectical logic \" of human rights , which critiques an unfree world and asserts itself as a political determinant dependent on the rupturing of established power . Clayton Pierce . In the second section , I put Marcuse 's biopolitically rethought critical theory of education into conversation with W. E. B. Du Bois 's critique of caste education , as both share the demand for an abolition ethic to be the ontological grounding of the educational subject . Ultimately , I argue an abolition politics needs to be the basis for reimagining education in counterrevolutionary times . Christopher Holman . Toward a Politics of Nonidentity - Rethinking the Political Philosophy of Herbert Marcuse This paper will provide an immanent critique of the political theory of Herbert Marcuse . I argue that Marcuse 's politics are often inadequate when considered from the standpoint of his theory of socialism , the latter being understood as the realization of the negative human capacity for creation in all those fields within which the human being is active . Although Marcuse 's politics often reveals itself as instrumental and managerialist in orientation , I will argue that there nevertheless remains a certain countertendency in his philosophy , one which can be seen as affirming a negative and nonidentitarian politics of overcoming that looks always toward creation . Nancy J. Hirschmann . Disability , Feminism , and Intersectionability - A Critical Approach Critical theorists should turn to disability as an important category of intersectional analysis . I demonstrate this through one type of critical theory - namely , feminism . Disability intersects with all vectors of identity , since disability affects people of all races , ethnicities , religions , genders , sexualities , and classes . Gender and sexuality are particularly illustrative because disability is configured in ways that map onto negative images of femininity ( e.g. , weakness , dependence ) . Additionally , the ways in which feminist and disability scholars undertake analysis are complementary . And because these two fields are inherently interdisciplinary , dialogue between them can yield a richer notion of intersectionality within intersectionality . Nathan Nun . Practical Aesthetics - Community Gardens and the New Sensibility This paper argues that community gardens , in addition to being economically practical , offer a promising example of an environment that fosters the new sensibility . After exploring Marcuse 's new sensibility and his critique of aesthetic experience under capitalism , the paper turns to some empirical studies of the benefits of the aesthetic qualities of community gardening . These studies correspond to Marcuse 's proposition that aesthetic environments can play a role in challenging domination . The last section of this paper considers how those involved in the D - Town Farm in Detroit self - consciously assert the community garden as a political project that challenges domination . "}
{"url": "http://isshindo.blogspot.com/2011/12/okinawan-samurai.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701156627.12/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193916-00089-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "I read articles from websites and pages of many publications of some very famous Jewish kabbalist of people who are revealing and writing on practical kabbalah as absurd and false . They wrote those who claim to divulge same as secret are wrong as they have no knowledge of the subject in sincerity . The question is why is Practical Kabbalah not allowed to be revealed ? They claim that it is suppose to be secretive and no one not in the inner sanctum ( Jewish by tribe ) has the authority to reveal same as this remains with the Rabbas alone . These statements from them are not true and would never be true to the subject of practical kabbalah magick , as they are only being unfair to this knowledge . They rather are the ones who are wrong and tread the wrong path instead ; they further intent to discredit the ones that decides to teach same as a way to confuse the minds of the unaware and unprepared public out there . This subject of practical kabbalah is the same that has being with Kabbalah from the very start of the world , from its date and time of inception , which is as old as when , the world began . These facts have contributed to why many people claim kabbalah is a secret society where atrocities of all kinds are perpetrated , since it was and has being kept in outermost secrecy . Some claim that kabbalah uses the blood of virgins ' girls to inscribe the secret words for efficacy and their magick or make their bread of Passover feast , how absurd are these claims they have little or no knowledge of the facts about kabbalah as a subject . It is true that from the very start G - d blessed be he , instructed that the kabbalah be kept secretive from the layman and the masses because of the contents of the powers harnessed in it , and it could be dangerous when taught to the wrong people . But that was in the then times and not today anymore . The highest one blessed be he , has seen how these powers were monopolized by the so called power brokers . We all know that , \" absolute power corrupts absolutely \" in the governance of a nation . Why then are we being challenged of revealing the secret and source to the world through means of global village ( the internet ) and correspondence courses ? The same as we are doing to teach this knowledge to cure the world of many of the vices in it today or to allow the world plunge more into derision ? The intentions of these writers and commentators is to try and disdain us claiming we are not worthy to reveal such and it is false what we teach , may they be judged by him that has the glory and liveth forever , blessed be he ! After all they have fall short of what was expected of them by the supreme one blessed be he , why , one may ask ? What the most high , blessed be he demanded from them they failed to deliver ; the salvation of mankind to teach and show the light to light the lives of men ( humanity ) . The Rabbas and Rabbis should not complain that such secret are in the hands of none Jews ? It is a right of the world not to some very few alone . We are happy to reveal same to all and the world at large those who are willing and able to learn to communicate to the supreme one blessed be he . I would like to address the issue of the word Magickal so referred to here on my website and in many of my writings else where . Do take your time and patience and enjoy your visit to my website , and remain blessed while you are doing that . Blessed be G - d the Holy Hashem forever Amen . Magick as noticed by the reader in most of my writing is always depicted from the normal magic , as its ending with a \" K \" this therefore points at expressing the word \" Kabbalah \" as a force in all that I do . We know the fact that whatever is supernatural is magickal as it is mostly out of the ordinary . I therefore do not wish to provoke the thoughts of my readers here and visitors whose fate and religion in one way or the other is against such arts of magic the sleight of hand and trickery and mockery of which is nothing to do with my website . I am not in anyway affiliated to such persons or group of persons . The word Magick here always refers to the supernatural . It has nothing to do with magic of the sleight of hands such that are performed on the stage to entertain the masses like many entertainers do . Please readers take note . This is where Kabbalah magick plays its role of exposing the need for humanity to be aware of magick in their everyday lives . Magick is an alteration of the will and senses of the common man . Man lives here in a world of illusion where he thinks that all he sees and feels are real but are rather illusions created from his make believe of how he was made to know things from the perspective of the society he lives in . My main interested is to bridge the gap and to tie the loose ends of this confusion in magickal practices . I have over the years tried treating topics that relates to magick in its true path as already known by many as black and white magick . I tried teaching absolute Spiritual Practical Kabbalah and Wicca even Paganism and Osho otherwise called Juju Magick with great successes and achievement . I have also succeeded to comparing and compromising these two paths of magick as one and the same but a thing of the mind of its operator the theurgist . The whole is one in one all is one and the same as collectively one system only with different approach by practitioners as I already stated above . Please all are free to consult me for any Spiritual Messages , visions and help directly from the Angels of Light . When we mention the word healing , it strikes and sends a strong message of positive and creativity to the mind of the reader and listener , but when we mention the word cure , it spills out depressive feelings within the minds of anyone who is sick . Thoughts of if I will actually be cured arises in the mind of the sick person . Sickness could be divided to different categories and it is not only to do with when one is physically sick . Our businesses also could be sick or even marriages , love affairs sickness in the mind when a woman is childless or when a man desperately needs a child from his wife and he has a low sperm count and not able to reproduce . Therefore are there many categories where sickness could be related . When one is sick and needs healing first , must we in our hearts identify why and the reason of needing this freedom . Then we must set our hearts and minds towards the fact that we are really willing and ready to become healed and be set free from this boredom that fastens us down . Healing is a right that every living thing especially human being deserve to receive without any exception . Sickness is a warning that sends a message to the sufferer that something is wrong and immediately needs correction . This might be with his general dealing either in business or work wise , or his environment such as with his neighbours , friends and family what ever the situation that confronts the sick , they still deserve to be set free . I have read and heard some healers claim sicknesses to come from when one is angry and when ones mind is not well disposed towards him or others . They are right to a point , but we must first know and realize the fact that sicknesses could come involuntarily as against the statements these healers make . Their words are though facts that lies in our subconscious mind , therefore materializes , in our everyday lives , the same as is stated in mathematics with topics ; factorization and simple equation that \" like attracts like \" . Do not hesitate to write and ask for your healing this moment , it could be with your ways of thoughts , that are mostly not in the right order and form , you deserve healing by his might and strength blessed be the Holy HaShem forever . I see through time and space . I tell and give messages about people , places unknown to me no matter the distance apart . There are no times and space in the Spirit world who is the overseers to human affairs , every living being has a governing spirit or Angels and Archangels over them . This spirit I could connect and converse with to ignite all dead and stall relationship ranging from love affairs to business concerns . Spiritual assistance wherever help is required . Procurement , set - up and training in Spiritual Practical Kabbalah Magick courses . Administrative Assistant Resume Samples - Administrative Assistant Resume Sample , Professional Admin Assistant Resume Samples , Administrative Clerk Resume Samples , Medical Administrative Assistant Resume Samples , Legal Administrative Assistant Resume Samples , Sales Support Administrative Assistant Resume Samples , Administrative / Accounting Clerk Resume Samples . The Creating - Harmony Centre is a friendly , caring centre which offers a wide range of natural , alternative , holistic / complementary therapies and courses . We aim to take a holistic view of the person , this means treating not just the symptoms of a disease or problem in isolation , but treating the whole person . It often uses skills and practices that have been around for thousands of years . We constantly maintain high standards of customer service , while maintaining a calming and tranquil atmosphere , to ensure the highest quality of your treatments . All our practitioners are experienced , highly qualified and fully accredited . They are all committed to their own continual professional development , ensuring that they provide the most up to date and best service possible . "}
{"url": "http://hipteacher.typepad.com/schoolblog/2009/09/watch-me-grow.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701157472.18/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193917-00256-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "A Lack of Charity . My mother worked at Charity , and later University Hospital , at least half of my life . Nurses cried . Charity had never been closed before . And now it is partly housed in an emptied department store . Like I tell everyone I know , do n't get shot . The Times - Picayune did a lovely series on Memorial Hospital 's post - storm tribulations ( and the doctor and nurses accused of murder , charges many are still baffled by ) but has said little about Charity and University hospitals . In my mother 's case , she was offered a job a grade lower than her last job in a central LA town already overrun with evacuees with no open apartments or motel rooms ; that was her only choice . She was lucky - she was eligible for retirement and took it . Sounds easy but it 's more like marching in a brass band at age 65 after 20 years away - you are physically older and a bit slower though you are wiser and more experienced and an excellent resource . It 's also a huge pay cut . And demotion , like going from distinguished professor to non - tenured instructor . Some have been called back and placed underneath people with less education , less experience or no experieince in that section at all . And though I despise all conspiracy theories and the impressions they give and the facts and truth they distort and obscure , I have heard from several of them that the people called back first and promoted without the requisite education or experience have mostly been white . Sigh . What did those in Charity go through ? September 1 , Day 3 , director of trauma surgery at Charity , Dr , Norman McSwain ( who also runs the medical tents at Jazz Fest pretty much every year ) told USA Today . \" Somebody needs to come in a hurry , \" .... \" By ' in a hurry , ' I do n't mean tomorrow or the next day . They need to get here tonight . By tomorrow , we 'll have dead patients simply because they were not evacuated . Dr. McSwain 's statement \" broke \" the heart of Mike Leavitt , secretary of HHS because . \" There are tens of thousands of people doing their best to get there in a hurry . Dr. McSwain pleaded for help , using the MSM because he felt no one else was listening : . When I heard that , panic set in . I feared my 63-year - old not - in - the - best - of - health mother might not make it out of Charity alive . It was a rational fear at that time . Other folks were n't making it out of the city alive . Inside Charity , it was humid and hot , stinking with urine since there was no plumbing ( multiple survivors talk of using buckets , garbage pails and bags for toilets ) , and food would start to run out soon . My mother says they were all trained for a 3-day stay , that by day 3 , replacements would come in to relieve them . No one came . Day 4 , my mother called us a couple of times from an office phone that was still working . Her cell phone did n't work at all and mine only received calls but she had my brother - in - law 's phone number . She would n't talk about specifics , except the few nurses who \" cracked , \" as she put it , and were brought up to the psychiatric ward , but did say they were all told to be ready to evacuate at any time . In hindsight , I think it was to keep them all from losing hope . She had no news . We told her about the flooding , about the other hospitals being evacuated , about the slow response , about the Superdome and Convention Center . Day 5 , my mother called at least 5 times , sounding brighter because it looked like they were finally getting out . After being knocked down a pitch - dark stairway and breaking her glasses , tripping and falling , slipping off the lifeboat that floated them out and a few bewildering hours as she was told different places she might be bused or flown to , she got to Houston . It was Day 5 when they started taking out the rest of the patients , when the staff got out , when the doors were locked and folks cried . . .. .18-wheel trucks rolled in front of the hospital to remove the final patients and personnel late Friday . [ my emphasis ] . The trucks went to New Orleans ' international airport or to the state capital of Baton Rouge . The facility - the largest public hospital in the city and a comprehensive trauma center - was accommodating scores of patients Friday before it was emptied . The move came two days after the same kind of evacuation at nearby Tulane Medical Center . [ again my emphasis ] . I have not talked to my mother in depth about it . When she and her friends get together or see each other in the mall or talk on the phone , they often \" debrief , \" as she says . She is not ready to work in another hospital again . And might not be for some time . I wish someone cared about Charity 's story . Was the building unsalvageable ? After being empty so long , it probably is now but was it then ? Can we really wait until 2011 for another major hospital in the city ? What about Level 1 trauma care ? Police officers who get shot ? Fire fighters injured ? What if I get shot ? pic from Gun Shot Wounds by John Fox 11:55 a.m. update : See The Atlanta Journal - Constitution 's 22-part series on what happened in Charity a year ago . Published in May 2006 . Tip from \" anonymous . 14 Responses to A Lack of Charity . The Atlanta - Journal Constitution published a multi - part series higlighting the story of Charity and Tulane hospitals following the levee failures . The series ran in mid to late May and required you complete a free registration . The title of the series is THROUGH HELL AND HIGH WATER : A FIGHT TO SURVIVE THIRD WORLD CONDITIONS . Recommended reading . I forgot to add - have the Kleenex ready . And if they 're available , DON'T read the \" readers comments \" until after you 've read the whole series . Many of them will just piss you off and distract you from the content of the articles . The front page of the T - P today is yet another exercise in hyping the continuing problem of violent crime in New Orleans . I think that there are those who see Charity as a symbol of that violence because so many victims were treated there . It is particularly disturbing that somehow we have decided to rid ourselves of that symbol rather than deal with the actual causes of violent crime in the first place . Try not to get shot . There has been much blaming of architecture around here - the housing projects , Charity , etc . The real causes , most the same post- as pre - Katrina , are , as you said , brushed aside . Stay outraged and dodge the bullets . No , Charity has been almost entirely left out of the discussion , at least since those doors were locked . G , remember early on how some of the top administrators - Baton Rouge types - tried to use the flooded 1st floor and basement as an excuse to push for their dream complex ( there 's that architecture again ! ) Remember how workers were actively cleaning those flooded floors and were told to STOP ? It 's pretty clear the state wanted to blow - up that hospital ( not to start another conspiracy theory ) . I can see why the Atlanta Journal - Constitution ran this endless series - many former Charity workers live there , and they fit that sweet demographic : well paid spenders . You 're so right , Mominem . LSU had a plan for Charity all along , like Scott Cowen 's plan for Tulane and all the plans put into effect at Loyola , Xavier , Dillard , etc . , generally plans that faculty and staff would n't accept before Kat . Public health will deteriorate . ( Like it was any good before . ) Even at fabulous - to - Nagin $ 9 - 10/hour wages , health care is out of reach . It 's all just so preventable . One of my relatives ( with an undamaged house ) was an MD at Charity during and after Katrina but did n't want to let them know where she had evacuated so that they could n't call her in for any dirty work . I said that if she was going to live at my house , she would have to let Charity know where she was , and get with the program . Most of the family still does not speak to me because I did this . This MD , however , used the \" I am a Katrina victim \" story and got a better , more prestigious job up East - selling the undamaged historic house in N.O. at a large profit . Mad . Black . Woman . ( TM ) . I 've been pissed a long time . I 'm fairly good at it . Help a Bitch out ! Meta . Get G Bitch in Your Inbox . Comment Policy as of August 2011 . This is MY blog . It is not public space but personal space . I am not obligated to publish or keep any comment I deem misinformed , misplaced , missing the point or just plain , in my not - so - fucking - humble opinion , asinine . All comments will be interpreted as written , i.e. pay attention to what words you put where and when . Do n't tell me you meant x when you typed that you fuck goats . Categories ( New to the Spot ? Check \" Best Of \" first ) . Categories ( New to the Spot ? Check \" Best Of \" first ) Select Category A Colorblind Society Is Just Blind , Not Just ( 27 ) Mass Incarceration ( 2 ) About a Bitch ( 201 ) AS Sucks ( 16 ) Ask a G Bitch ! ( 3 ) Declarations ( 4 ) Hiatuses ( 12 ) Insomnia ( 22 ) Pain ! Shit ! 2011 Ashley Award . A Note on Archives . A few problems with databases and corrupted files and near total loss of files means some links are broken and many images are just plain gone . It will take time to reconstruct post by post . Archives . Broken Link ? Google search the listed title of the article and it should pop up . That 's right -- VEGAN . A Bitch takes shit from no one . You may not like her , but you can not ignore her . ATTRIBUTION : Joreen , U.S. feminist and author . From \" The Bitch Manifesto , \" originally published in Ms. magazine in 1969 . As quoted in The Decade of Women , by Suzanne Levine and Harriet Lyons ( 1980 ) . link . Well , did she make you cry , Make you break down , Shatter your illusions of love ? And is it over now ? Do you know how To pick up the pieces and go home ? Damn , damn what they say about me ? I do n't know man , fuck is on your biscuit ? "}
{"url": "http://hydro-logic.blogspot.com/2010/05/south-asian-tri-axis-part-2-indus.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701149548.13/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193909-00137-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Where Is the Discussion of Syria and International Law ? Peter Hart and Jim Naureckas have been writing great analyses here on the media 's utter lack of skepticism on the administration 's intelligence regarding Syria . I 'd like to add that the media likewise have failed almost entirely to inform the public about the legality of a US unilateral intervention from the perspective of international law . Barack Obama interviewed by George Stephanopoulos ( photo : White House ) . That Syria 's use of chemical weapons violated international law has been a major argument in favor of US intervention - and echoed in the media . Why did Obama draw the infamous \" red line \" in the first place ? Because using chemical weapons is considered so abhorrent that the international community created a special treaty to outlaw them , and the administration argues that the US needs to make sure that law is upheld and enforced . As Obama proclaimed on ABC 's This Week ( 9/13/13 ): . Keep in mind that my entire goal throughout this exercise is to make sure that what happened on August 21 does not happen again . That we do not see over a thousand people , over 400 children , subjected to poison gas . Something that is a violation of international law and is a violence of common decency . Some in the media took up the same argument , like ABC 's Christiane Amanpour ( This Week , 9/1/13 ): . And , of course , the point is , though , your question , looking at these pictures and those that you just aired just now , is there any way the president can not give the order ? And I think many of the Western governments believe there 's no way . That this is not just ugly , it 's unacceptable under international law , and the use of weapons of mass destruction needs to be responded to . But if international law is so important in evaluating Syria 's actions , then should n't it be equally important in evaluating the proposed US response ? According to the UN Charter - which takes legal precedence over all other international treaties - only the Security Council can authorize the use of military force , except in the case of self - defense . In other words , without Security Council authorization , US military action against Syria would be illegal under international law . ( Note that Syria never signed the treaty banning the use of chemical weapons , which means that technically it ca n't be in violation of it - but a strong argument can be made that its actions violate other treaties to which it is a signatory . ) To hear US media tell it , though , only some international law matters . In fact , the question of whether US military action would be legal is rarely raised . In a New York Times article headlined \" The Basics of the Debate \" ( 9/11/13 ) , international law was n't mentioned . In ABC 's interview with Obama , George Stephanopoulos did n't ask about the legality of US military action . Nor did Amanpour in her report . Vladimir Putin 's attempt to bring up international law were taken as an insult . ( cc photo : WEF / Sebastian Derungs ) . When Putin made the illegality of military action the centerpiece of his Times op - ed ( 9/12/13 ) , it prompted very little discussion of the point , with reaction focusing instead on how \" insulted \" US politicians felt by the piece ( Politico , 9/12/13 ) . \" I almost wanted to vomit , \" Sen. Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) told CNN ( 9/11/13 ) was his reaction to Putin 's comments . There have been some scattered op - eds that have seriously discussed this issue of international law , including two in the Times . And in a September 4 column , Yale law professors Oona A. Hathaway and Scott J. Shapiro argued : . If the United States begins an attack without Security Council authorization , it will flout the most fundamental international rule of all - the prohibition on the use of military force , for anything but self - defense , in the absence of Security Council approval . This rule may be even more important to the world 's security - and America's - than the ban on the use of chemical weapons . These are both important contributions to a debate this country should be having , one that 's very much happening elsewhere in the world - but US media for the most part are n't joining the conversation . Managing Editor of Extra ! Magazine Julie Hollar is the managing editor of FAIR 's magazine , Extra ! Her work received an award from Project Censored in 2005 , and she has been interviewed by such media outlets as the Los Angeles Times , Agence France - Presse and the San Francisco Chronicle . A graduate of Rice University , she has written for the Texas Observer and coordinated communications and activism at the Lesbian / Gay Rights Lobby of Texas . Hollar also co - directed the 2006 documentary Boy I Am and was previously active in the Paper Tiger Television collective . U.N. Charter , Article 2.4 : \" All Members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state , or in any other manner inconsistent with the Purposes of the United Nations . \" Obama and Kerry have been repeatedly , and explicitly , boasting about what they have achieved with the \" threat \" of force against Syria . I suppose even FAIR is uncomfortable with pointing out that the Obama administration has already , not just potentially , \" flout[ed ] the most fundamental international rule of all \" with respect to Syria . Yes , where is the discussion of international law and Syria ? There are better alternatives to unilateral aggression by the United States . President Obama could propose the United Nations : . Evacuate the city of Damascus where Bashar al - Assad lives in the Presidential Palace . Immediately relocate the population to protect the Syrian people from further harm . Blockade Damascus to contain Assad and his supporters until they run out of supplies . Eventually Assad will surrender or be captured and brought to justice under international law . The Rome Statute applies because Syrian national systems have totally failed . The Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court may open an investigation of Assad on referral by the United Nations Security Counsel , or by a Pre - Trial Chamber . [ The United States can not make a referral because we have not ratified the Rome Statute]. Then Assad may be prosecuted for international crimes , and convicted if the evidence proves his guilt beyond a reasonable doubt . The media can help educate people about the Rome Statute and the International Criminal Court . The United States signed but did not ratify the Rome Statute . President Obama should urge congress to ratify the Rome Statute . As demonstrated so succinctly by David G , the US is already in violation of the very international law it is using as an excuse to further its imperialist agenda . This is not only true vis - \u00e0 - vis Syria , but also with respect to Iran ( with Israel being an accomplice in this violation ) . Moreover , the US has and continues to try to overthrow democratically elected regimes and is keeping so many rogue regimes ( e.g. Saudi Arabia and Israel ) in power just because it serves its \" interests \" ( more accurately the interests of the 0.1 % ) . So the US has no legal or moral ground to stand on . Hypocrisy galore ! Also , who elected the US as the sheriff of the world ? What god - given exceptionalist right does the US have to do as it pleases ? Those on the left who propose for the UN to do something about Syria give away their latent imperialist way of thinking . Because if we are to punish / stop Syria , then we should punish / stop the US , punish / stop Israel , and punish / stop Saudi Arabia , etc . by the same means . Hypocrisy galore ! The US have never take care of interenational law . What amazes me is that President Obama has a degree in law , he had received ( after 10 months in office ) the Nobel Peace and likes to indicate how the other countries must obey international law principles , but the US no necessarily . That is nothing new , it have been always like that . From the moral standpoint , would the President rather see thousands of civilians killed by his missiles and by the weapons he is providing the so - called rebels , almost half of which are said to be mercenaries ? A lot of blood on this President 's hands and all taxpayers now accessories to murder . Where 's your \" vomit \" for that , Sen. Menendez ? Reply to Mike : Absolutely ! International law is intended for all nations , obviously . But our elitist \" exceptionalism \" ( akin somewhat to the \" master race \" ) seems to mean that we are above those petty considerations and must be allowed to rectify others ' acts however our President decides ( akin somewhat to the previous \" decider \" ) . Besides foreign aggression , recent laws have undermined our own Constitutional rights such that the democracy we unsuccessfully asserted that we would bless or inflict on Iraq is being lost here . As the Friends say,\"War is not the answer ! \" @ Mike \" Thank God President Obama did n't fall for netyanhu 's cartoon red line drawing ! \" Obama did fall for it and he and Kerry are still pushing Israel 's \" line \" . But we and the rest of the world stopped him . This time the empire went too far even for its lap dog : the UK ! I have heard numerous times the two conditions for waging war legally , namely , 1 ) actual self defense or 2 ) UN approval . Yet thanks to our lap dog news media , I 'm sure 90 % of the voters do n't know this basic fact . Much is made of our founding fathers restricting the right to vote to propertied men . I ca n't help but think that in those days there might have been good reason for this : they were usually better educated . Nonetheless , let the historic record show again and again that without a truly free press and a free flow and discussion of factual information , any show of democracy is a pure farce . Do you need a Loan ? Are you looking for Finance ? Are you looking for a Loan to enlarge your business ? I think you have come to the right place . We offer Loans at low interest rate . LOAN APPLICATION INFORMATION FORM First name : Middle name : Date of birth ( yyyy - mm - dd ) : Gender : Marital status : Total Amount Needed : Time Duration : Address : City : State / province : Zip / postal code : Country : Phone : Email ID ..... Mobile / cellular : Monthly Income : Occupation : Which sites did you know about us ..... "}
{"url": "http://www.egms.de/static/de/journals/gms/2012-10/000154.shtml", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701168065.93/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193928-00264-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "In November , however , there 's one particular red wine that most folks in the Windy City should be drinking : Pinot Noir . Once upon a time there were only a few big - time , high - quality wine events around the country , and they tended to cluster heavily on the two coasts . These days , however , we are ... continue reading . Review by Tim Patterson . Rather than offering a sustained treatment of a single region or subject , this volume showcases Kramer 's three - decade mastery of the art of the truly interesting and intelligent wine column . For those who have kept up with Kramer , the book can be the occasion for re - immersion ; for those who have n't , it 's an ... continue reading . Will it get sunny here at the end of October , or will those who did n't get all the fruit in by now live to regret the decision ? We shall see . In the meantime , we watch the clouds gather . -- Alder Yarrow INSTRUCTIONS : Download this image by ... continue reading . I 'm pretty sure at one point I 've joked with someone that \" San Diego is a pretty nice town , it 's just a little too far from wine country . \" It 's hard not to love San Diego 's climate and atmosphere , but historically , it has n't exactly been high on any epicure 's list of destinations . Apparently that is changing pretty rapidly , though , as America 's obsession with food continues to spiral to new heights , and the dining scene continues to evolve . There has never been a shortage of wine and food lovers in the town , however , which explains why , for the past six years , the folks ... continue reading . I read with some dismay this morning , a news article in Decanter Magazine about sixty growers in the Loire Valley 's Muscadet appellation going bankrupt in the past few months , and the imminent danger of perhaps hundreds more following suit . It 's never nice to hear about folks in the wine industry suffering calamities such as this , but I have to wonder if there is n't a certain amount of inevitability about it . Like every major economic incident these days , this one has its roots in globalization , and the complexities it adds to market operations . Some folks might say that the Muscadet region ... continue reading . The difference between a good public wine tasting and a bad one can be quite dramatic . The bad ones are in crappy locations , are poorly organized , offer no food , and only mediocre wines . The good ones are , well , just the opposite -- nicely organized , well catered , and offer great wines . And the best ones ? Well , they throw in a jazz quartet , and all you can eat oyster bar , a dessert bar , and wines that sometimes retail for hundreds of dollars , if you can find them , at all . And that 's just what you get at the annual Wine and Spirits Top ... continue reading . Pruning Leaves Harvest involves a flurry of activity in the vineyard in preparation for the crews that move through in darkness to begin removing fruit . -- Alder Yarrow INSTRUCTIONS : Download this image by right - clicking on the image and selecting \" save link as \" or \" save target as \" and then select the desired location on ... continue reading . Most people are n't aware that I grew up , at least partially , in Sonoma County . My parents split up pretty early on , and I moved with my mother to Colorado . But starting at the age of five , I would come out to visit my dad during the summer in the little town of Bodega , and spend my time chasing around the sheep ranch where he still lives . As a kid I knew Sonoma County was wine country . Mostly because whenever my dad 's parents would come visit during the summer , we 'd all pack into Grandpa 's car , and trundle off to Rodney Strong ... continue reading . I 'm sure most of us would love to be in the position of the Japanese government , who recently discovered that they had too much expensive wine on their hands . Apparently entertaining with wine is serious business if you 're a Japanese diplomat . At least , that is , if you 're in France or New York . Apparently the Japanese mission in France kept 7896 bottles on hand at the Ambassador 's residence \" just in case . \" Official embassy records show them serving only 289 bottles to guests last year , according to Japan Today . Having too many bottles of wine is really only a problem if you ... continue reading . Sometimes you hear an idea and wonder to yourself , exactly why it 's taken someone so long to come up with it . And the really good ones make you think , \" now why did n't I come up with that ? \" That 's exactly what I thought to myself when I first heard about the San Francisco Vintners Market last year . It 's a farmer 's market , but for wine . Simple as that . Walk around , taste a bunch of wines , and buy the ones that you like . So incredibly straightforward it took years for someone to come up with the idea . The first version was held in ... continue reading . Punchdown There 's an awful lot of this going on around the Northern Hemisphere . Harvest is in full swing , especially for those grapes that tend to be left to hang a bit longer like Syrah , and Cabernet . This is the view down into a vat of Merlot . It 's a view that winemakers probably get a little tired of , but for those of us who do n't see it too regularly , it 's quite delicious . -- Alder Yarrow INSTRUCTIONS : Download this image by right - clicking on the image and selecting \" save link as \" or \" save target as \" and then select the desired location on ... continue reading . My love of deeply complex white wines has been growing for some time . I 'm not sure exactly when I learned that there was more to white wine than Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay , but ever since then , I have been seeking out white wines , and especially white blends , that lean towards the profound . ome parts of this wine world are utterly ridiculous sometimes . Mostly , it 's the luxury parts . Something odd happens when you cross the threshold into the domain of those for whom no wine is too expensive or rare to own , and for whom the full contents of the cellar tends only to be known to accountants . Call it a reality distortion field , a special brand of collector obsessive compulsive disorder , or just plain madness , but people can have pretty odd relationships with their wine cellars when they get above 10,000 bottles . Witness the recent article in Decanter magazine about British rock ... continue reading . OK , all you marketing and PR folks , listen up . This article is for you . Specifically for those of you that have n't quite figured out how to deal with us wine bloggers yet when it comes to wine samples . And there are clearly a lot of you . Stairway to Heaven ? There are n't many things that truly inspire lust among wine lovers but a view like this would certainly be one of them . Call it a stairway to heaven , leading down , instead of up . You 're looking at the library cellar of Casa Lapostolle 's Clos Apalta in Chile , whose wine is widely regarded as the single best in the country . The winery itself is as beautiful as the cellar might suggest , but we 'll leave that scene for another day . -- Alder Yarrow INSTRUCTIONS : Download this image by right - clicking on the image and selecting \" save link as \" or \" save ... continue reading . Now is a wonderful , if slightly manic time to be wandering around wine country . Harvest is , for some , complete , and wines are bubbling and burbling their way through fermentations . For others , any day now they will be making mad dashes into the vineyards to get the fruit in before the first major rains . Either way , it 's the time of year that wine country really becomes wine country . As the afternoon sun angles low , life gets pretty idyllic around Sonoma , and the timing is good to relax with friends and a nice glass of wine . Which is why , I suppose , around ... continue reading . Thanks to humorist Dave Barry 's expos\u00e9 of the looming threat to our national security , I 've long been a proponent of preemptively invading Canada . And then came Michael Moore 's film SiCKO , which convinced me that after we invade , we might want to dissect the Canadian health care system and find out what makes it tick . And now ? Well , I think plans for the invasion should be called off , and all of us wine lovers should just consider picking up and walking across the border . Why ? Because when the Canadian Government decides to spend money in a stimulus package they do n't give ... continue reading . And there are places , too that have more soul . And soul , when it comes to wine and winemaking , is a very good thing in my book . If I had to make a list of places that have soul , the Northern Rhone appellation of Cornas would be high on the list , ... continue reading . One of the most important and valuable trends for the wine consumer , apart from the fantastic deals to be had on very nice wine these days , continues to be the proliferation of public wine tasting events put on by specific countries or regions of the world . Such tastings , as I tend to ... continue reading . Pumping Over Throughout the Northern Hemisphere , harvest is underway . Already there are tanks and barrels bubbling away with the 2010 vintage . In Chile 's Malleco valley , where this tank of Pinot Noir was being pumped over , however , the vines have just begun to bear fruit , and it will be some time before their tanks , of the 2011 vintage look like this again . -- Alder Yarrow INSTRUCTIONS : Download this image by right - clicking on the image and selecting \" save link as \" or \" save target as \" and then select the desired location on your computer to save the image . Mac users can also ... continue reading . Subscribe to Updates . Required Reading for Wine Lovers . Vinography \u00ae is a registered trademark . \u00a9 Some rights reserved 2004 - 2015 . This site is licensed under the terms of the displayed Creative Commons license . Content may be used only under these terms : non - commercial use only ; no modifications allowed ; attribution required in the form of a statement \" originally published on Vinography . Com \" with a link back to the original posting . "}
{"url": "http://hidenseek.typepad.com/come_out_come_out/2011/11/going-rogue.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701159654.65/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193919-00217-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "After a long wait , please let me introduce to you today another achieved female blogger : Lynn Casper . Amongst other projects , Lynn produces Homoground , a weekly queer music podcast , and runs a personal tumblr called scantron . If you 'd like to find out how blogging helps us strengthen our personalities , why dead blogs are part of the process , and what unfortunate umbrellas have to do with Lynn 's work , just follow the jump ! Not too long ago , \" news \" broke in Germany that a bunch of insurance brokers were celebrating lucrative deals by taking advantage of prostitutes and snorting cocaine in an open air brothel . Sibylle Berg , a Swiss author who describes herself on her Twitter with the words \" buys nothing , fucks no one \" , has dedicated her weekly SPIEGEL ONLINE column to the issue . In \" I 've had it , Men ! \" ( in German \" M\u00e4nner , ich habe es satt ! \" ) she wonders , amongst other things , how the world would react if suddenly women were to become pimps , make men walk the streets in strings and so forth . Quite a fun read , indeed - if it were n't for Berg 's inherent stereotyping of all men as horny , black men as slaves , veiled women as oppressed , and naked ones as desperate . Good on the German blogosphere for offering an alternate perspective ! For a worthwhile counterstatement , please read Nadia Shehadeh 's comment entitled \" I 've had it , Ms. Berg ! \" ( in German : \" Frau Berg , ich habe es satt ! \" ) On 30th June and the 1st of July , the 6th Annual Open Knowledge Conference will take place in Berlin . The event aims at bringing together individuals and organizations interested in all things open knowledge . If you 've been following GCB , you know that I agree with the organizers ' assumption that . open knowledge promises significant social and economic benefits in a wide range of areas from governance to science , culture to technology . Opening up access to content and data can radically increase access and reuse , bridge gaps , improve transparency and thus foster innovation and increase societal welfare . The conference programme looks super interesting , and I 'm keen to go ! Let 's hope my boss sees the necessity of me being there , too , since both conference days are weekdays ... Tickets are available for one or two days respectively - there 's still a chance to grab some at early bird rates before 31st May. Brave as any woman can be , CBS reporter Lara Logan recalls the February night on Tahrir Square in Egypt , when a mob tore off her clothes and violently sexually assaulted her in the middle of the road . She decided she would only tell this story once , hoping that this one telling is heard by as many people as possible . ( Source ) . In another US TV - related story , Roseanne Barr , one of my childhood heroines , has written an essay on sexism in the media industry and her difficult rise to stardom : And I should know . You go , girl ! ( Source ) . Apparently , Yoga benefits breast cancer patients . Among affected women tested , those practicing Yoga while in treatment were of better general health , had lower stress hormone levels and saw improvement of their physical state altogether . Source and more information . While I have recently stopped eating meat and have been very good at forgoing fish , too , I am aware that not all of us are willing to give up the tastes we grew up with for ecological reasons just yet . So I was happy to see that Canadian blogger Eco Yogini collected a bunch of eco - tips for eating fish . Better late than never : I added Facebook 's LIKE button to my posts . As of now , you may finally like , share and recommend whatever tickles your fancy here . Especially installed for those who like to show appreciation in silence . ;) Or you may directly mail posts to your friends on Facebook via the SEND option . Definitely an improvement in service quality , innit ? Besser sp\u00e4t als nie : Ich habe den LIKE - Button unter meine Posts gesetzt . Ab heute k\u00f6nnt Ihr endlich m\u00f6gen , teilen und empfehlen , was auch immer Euch hier gef\u00e4llt . Extra f\u00fcr diejenigen unter Euch , die am liebsten ohne Worte Komplimente machen ! ;) Oder Ihr mailt Eure Lieblingspost direkt an Eure Facebook- Freunde \u00fcber die SEND - Option . Auf jeden Fall eine Steigerung der hiesigen Servicequalit\u00e4t , oder ? Yesterday , the Black Weblog Awards published this year 's nominees for the prize in a bunch of categories : From ' Best Business Blog ' to ' Best Comic Blog ' , over 150 people have been nominated in a total of 37 categories ( ! ) for their social media work . Wow , that 's a whole load of new information sources to explore ! Founded in 2005 , the Black Weblog Awards give recognition to Black bloggers ( and those of the African diaspora ) which were largely overlooked by other Internet award events online . Participants of the contest come from over 90 countries which probably makes the award the most widespread Internet award event for Black bloggers . Please find more info on the contest and how to participate in the future here . Subscription is free and I recommend you English and/ or German speakers in the area give it a shot ! tumblr , a comparatively new blog software , has caused quite a stir in the blogosphere since its launch in 2007 . Albeit the multi - media possibilities the platform offers , it has mainly been used to quickly and easily share images - often anonymously . All the more happy I am to be able to introduce to you today Leah Leslie , editor of the wonderfully overflowing art collection Fuck Yeah , Book Arts . Please follow the jump below for an interesting interview with the mind behind this beautiful and super - successful project . Die Unternehmensberatung McKinsey l\u00e4dt StudentInnen und Young Professionals ein , zwischen dem 7 . und 10 . Juli am Z\u00fcrichsee \u00fcber die \" globale Vernetzung von Gegenst\u00e4nden und Diensten \" nachzudenken . Klingt nach Spa\u00df ? Bewerbungen werden noch bis zum 22 . Mai entgegengenommen , mehr Informationen gibt es hier . If it were n't for Anne Roth of annalist , perhaps there would be no GIRLS CAN BLOG today . It was Anne who , a little over a year ago , initiated a discussion on the invisibility of female bloggers : Where and who were they ? Why would mainstream media only ever refer to our male colleagues ? Inspired by Nadine Lantzsch ( whose portrait is available here ) , I wrote my first post on the matter and created GCB ... And wow , what a ride this blog has been ! But back to Anne and her admirable pragmatism . Just ask yourself this : How would you react if your partner was mistaken for a terrorist and put into jail on the grounds of , well , nothing ? More on Anne 's story and her famous political blog after the jump ... . Zwischendurch mal wieder eine kleine Mitmach - Aktion : Die Pseudoerbse , die ich erst heute \u00fcber den veganen Blog Food and Fotos entdeckte , ruft dazu auf , den links abgebildeten Button auf dem eigenen Blog einzubinden und damit ein Zeichen gegen Tierversuche zu setzen . Ganz nebenbei entsteht so eine Linksammlung von Blogs , die sich f\u00fcr das Thema interessieren . Clever ! Blogger V. of Picked Pics posted this photo while standing at a traffic light in Seoul , South Korea , amazed at what technology can do these days ... . Elke Br\u00fcns discusses the question whether a poor childhood can make you a sick adult . She found an article entitled The Poverty Clinic in the New Yorker and sums it up in a German post whose title is borrowed from a professor working at Harvard Medical School : Neuronen und Nachbarschaften . Micro - payment service Flattr is now open to all : No need to spend at least 2 \u20ac a month to participate anymore , and Flattr buttons will never turn inactive again . I like ! ... and on the other side of the world in Hamburg , Germany , Lantzschi is amazed at what little girls can do these days . Svenja of Synaesthetisch came across an interview with author Arno Geiger and philosopher Klaus Mainzer . I am linking to it in spite of their conversation being published in Chrismon , a christian / protestant magazine , because the word God is not mentioned once . Also , I recently finished Geiger 's brilliant new novel Der alte K\u00f6nig in seinem Exil which deals with his father 's Alzheimer 's . My friend Simone Finkenwirth has also read the book and published a German review here . A brief peek behind the scenes for everyone interested in computing : Kathleen of the Official Gmail Blog introduces her colleague Petra , a software engineer . Nikola Richter hat einen Artikel f\u00fcr den Tagesspiegel geschrieben , der auf ihrem eigenen Blog in der Vollversion erh\u00e4ltlich ist . Darin geht es i m weitesten Sinne um selbst\u00e4ndige Arbeit zu Hause und die damit verbundenen Risiken . Der Nachrichtendienst Turi2 hat das aufgegriffen und mit folgenden Worten zusammengefasst : \u200e\"Nikola Richter beklagt die Lage der digitalen Arbeiter , die zwar vom Zwang der t\u00e4glichen Anwesenheit in der Firma befreit sind , daf\u00fcr aber den Preis der \" Unsichtbarkeit \" zahlen . Ihr Burnout finde unbemerkt i m Home Office statt . Der krankmachende Stress treffe aber alle : Die \" Festen \" in Verlagen , Stiftungen , Firmen und Agenturen , sowie die \" freien \" Journalisten , Designer , Autoren und Berater . \" Chapeau , Nikola , das war ein Ritterinnenschlag ! Nadine Lantzsch hat vor einer Weile einen Vortrag zu queeren/ feministischen Blogs gehalten und ihre Folien und Links hier ver\u00f6ffentlicht . Au\u00dferdem hat sie mir obiges cooles Foto von sich und ihrer GCB Bag Tracey beschert , das nat\u00fcrlich sofort in mein GCB Bags in Action ! -Album auf Facebook gewandert ist . Hakan erkl\u00e4rt seine Schwierigkeiten damit , die Staatsb\u00fcrgerschaft seines Heimatlandes gegen die deutsche einzutauschen : Aufgeben ? Ich kenne das Problem : Auch wenn ich als geborene Schweizerin nicht so weitreichenden Repressalien ausgesetzt war wie unsere t\u00fcrkischen Mitb\u00fcrger es noch heute sind , musste ich doch zwanzig Jahre warten , bis Deutschland 2007 SchweizerInnen die doppelte Staatsb\u00fcrgerschaft gew\u00e4hrte . ( Wenn es Euch interessiert , schreibe ich zu dem Thema vielleicht ein anderes Mal mehr ? ) Featured Bloggers by Year . Disclaimer . This website uses Google Analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google , Inc. ( \" Google \" ) . Google Analytics uses \" cookies \" , which are text files placed on your computer , to help the website analyze how users use the site . The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website ( including your IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website , compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage . Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Google 's behalf . Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google . You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website . By using this website , you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above . "}
{"url": "http://sixuntilme.com/blog2/2008/07/diabetes_for_the_day.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166739.77/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00194-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "A little backstory : unlike many of the women on my mother 's side , while I had a few stray grays pop up as early as my 20s , I did n't need to start actively coloring to cover them until my late 30s . But if I 'm honest , and dammit , if I 'm not , there 's little point to anything anymore , I wanted to look chronologically younger for me , too . In the late 90s , I 'd just left my marriage of 8 1/2 years for a man 12 years younger than I , who looked 5 - 7 years younger than he really was . And who was also , shall we say , empirically good looking . It was frustrating enough for me and my fragile self - esteem to flit about with The Youngster in public ; add to that the subtle and ongoing pressure from him to \" look my best \" ( what is it with these empirically good looking people ? ) and you have a perfect storm for public deceit . Well , I 'm not acting anymore . And dye , in addition to being not inexpensive , is toxic and time - consuming . What could I do with those extra two hours per month ? Those extra 1000 or so cancer - free years days of my life ? Or , while we 're at it , the extra 750 bucks a year ? ( A steal in L.A. , but still . ) I find myself obsessing over gray hair . It seems to be a trend , or a meme , the ladies lettin ' it go , perhaps kicked off by Meryl Streep in the otherwise forgettable Devil Wears Prada . Someone wrote a book about it . There 's a Yahoo ! group devoted to it , a graying Botticelli 's Venus as their icon . ( I joined . ) There 's that idiotic Dove campaign . I think it comes down to this : vanity . Not vanity about looking my age , but about looking good for my age . Or maybe just looking good , period . I quit wearing makeup long ago , and I 've let myself get woefully squishy around the middle ; strictly from a design / style perspective , hair dye saves my beauty bacon . It 's the lazy gal 's way to look good ( at least , until your face and skin tone stop coordinating well with dark hair . I am going to look like a raggedy - ass schlub growing out my gray if I do n't work a little harder to look good in other departments , like clothes and fitness . Maybe that 's the thing : put \" Pilates body \" on the to - do list . Make it a big goal for ... say ... 2010 , and get crackin ' . Then , once I 'm leading the yoga class , shave my damned globey - head bald and wear all black or something . It 's an option I 've discussed with my patient , generous colorist . He 's amazing , really , basically helping me figure out how and when to fire him . There are no easy answers to this . I would like to think I 'm \" there \" , but clearly , it ai n't so . Whether I like it or not , going gray is a political statement in a patriarchal society where a woman 's currency is tied to her looks and reproductive status . As is toeing the party line with a box of dye . xxx c . UPDATE 9/19 : I wrote another blog post about aging ( and lying about aging ) here that may help illuminate some of this thinking . Despite what marketing pitches to boomers would have you believe , gray hair is definitely not accepted on certain fronts , most notably the workplace , where older women reentering the job market ( or looking to move from within ) are counseled to color . There are more gray - haired role models these days , but the standard even there is gray and \" hot \" for women , which means \" good \" gray ( the silver , \" pretty \" kind ) and that the rest of you needs to look excellent . Being at the tail end of the Baby Boom has its advantages ( get this health care thing worked out , will you please ? ) I think the real issue here is that for the most part , men grow distinguished with age , while women grow invisible - hair or no hair . The dying is just our way of kowtowing to our masters . I 'm going to admit a passing fetish : I really find gray hair on a youthful face really rather attractive . I do n't know why , but I do . You have the face . I 'm sure you 'll have the hair . One of the more curious things about older hair is that it is coarser , less silky , not as shiny . Could be that fine , softer , shinier hair is a signal of youth , especially in a woman , and that 's why those things are attractive to men , and why products stress those outcomes . You already know you are n't alone . My wife starting going gray at a young age and curses the whole process of coloring , careful highlight selection , etc . She 's only 34 but has been going gray since early 20s . As for me , I started losing hair in college . Feeling the weight of concern and vanity bringin ' me down , I opted right then to move toward shaving my head . Which I still do to this day . I do grow a \" Lincoln \" goatee that has always been dark red ( not sure why ... I'm not a red head ) . But now , at 35 , there is A LOT of gray in it ... which I actually like . Instead of salt and pepper , I call it cinnamon and sugar . I 'm lucky in that at 42 , I 've not had a gray hair - but when I do get 'em , I 'm reaching for the dye . If you want to look old , fine : go \" natural . \" If not - a little dye is no big deal . I do n't see hair color as any more \" unnatural \" than shaving . For what it 's worth , I 'm way older than Colleen , and I only have a few gray hairs . That does n't keep me from being invisible to a lot of people . It 's hard to take the whole thing too seriously . I figure we humans are all a bunch of nuts , so we might as well laugh about it . I love The BF for his many fine qualities of character , but I am mad hot for his thick , shoulder - length , salt - and - pepper hair . He has HANDS DOWN the greatest head of hair of anyone I 've ever met . And he grew it out for me , when I asked - what a peach ! spike - Believe it or not , I toyed with the idea of shaving it all off to start fresh with the gray , both to give my hair to Locks of Love and to give myself the experience of being bald ( bald chicks are HOTT ! ) Unfortunately , The BF learned that Locks of Love has horrid cost - to - benefit ratio and I already know that I have a big ol' bucket haid and an \" interesting \" face , meaning I will look more like Terry Bradshaw than Natalie Portman . Thanks for the nice compliment re : writing . That means more to me than any fabulous hair . Paul - When everyone dyes his hair , it will be no big deal . Right now , sadly , it is still a big deal . It 's just one of those covert ones . And $ 750 is cheap in L.A. , my man ! I have the deal of the century w/ my colorist . Jean - The weird thing is , part of me really likes being invisible . Even as a so - so looking woman , I 'd get tired of constantly being on display . Ca n't imagine what the stunners go through , both while it 's happening and when it stops . Of course you can be authentic with \" fake \" hair . It 's not really fake - it 's simply a choice . It 's not a lie , you choose the color to express who you are . Otherwise , clothes would render you non - authentic too , right ? Either way - do n't worry what society thinks about you . Do what makes you happy . RGB - I know you 're being nice , b / c hey , you are a NICE guy . But I 've really come away with the idea that I 'm flawed but authentic . Or authentic , but flawed . Only is it ? Until then , it 's political . It just is . Dammit . I 'm not following you on the authentic / flawed thing , though - all I tried to say was that your hair color is just a way to express yourself , or simply have fun . I do believe that what truly makes a person is somewhere between the ears , and outward appearances are there to be changed to fit your beliefs and moods . Oy , if only to have hair to color ... I 'm in the Picard category . Started it three years ago , when I was 33 . It got so thin up there , anything but buzzing it off was downright disgraceful . And maybe Patrick Stewart looks good with it , but I ca n't say I get the same kinds of looks from the opp . sex than I used to ( I was quite the buck in my younger years , or so my women friends said ) . Switching genders ... . My wife plucks her greys . I tell her \" do n't worry about it \" , but that makes little to no impact on her . And ten years ago , I dated a woman twenty years older than me . She had a fair amount of grey . I was fine with it . I actually dug it , to tell you the truth . But then again , that was because I dug her . I was n't seeking grey , but it did n't keep me out of her bed , neither . I think we 're actually in agreement on the whole do - your - own - thang thang . I 'm just doing a piss - poor job of explaining myself on the political bugaboo . So I 'll let it simmer a while , and maybe something better and clearer will come out of my poor , overheated brain . Adam - But think of the tattooing possibilities ! ! ! At 35 , with very dark hair and gray starting to show , I was debating on whether or not to dye . Some men have commented ( like Jeremy has stated ) that it 's attractive ... I'm keepin ' the gray ! Just what do I do with those stubborn ones that insist on sticking straight out ? My daughter likes to yank them ... good or bad ? ! Does Colleen dare to create a red / sassy \" do \" ? I seriously doubt you lack the \" cajones \" to do anything Ms. Colleen ! I can see you doing the purple / pink hi - lites . What about men ? I know a 60ish year old male who has BLACK hair ! Although we in the office know it 's L'Oreal / Clairol , and his eyebrows are white .... this is just the craziest damn thing I 've seen in a while . Apparently it 's just not women who feel insecure with the gray . Angie - I 've actually met a few dudes ( and ladies ) who legitimately have full - on dark hair . It 's weird , b / c it looks so fake ... and yet , it 's not ! But yes , the mens can be just as vain as their counterparts . armandii - Congratulations ! That is some foxy hair you got , girlfriend . My colorist is keeping track of my gray . Once I hit critical mass , I 'm pulling the plug . Hair like yours makes me wish it would hurry the hell up , already ! ! Although some famous eldermodel sez you ca n't wear brown anymore , which will wreak havoc with my wardrobe . "}
{"url": "http://nopr.niscair.res.in/handle/123456789/9474", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701145578.23/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193905-00018-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Behold , For She Speaks ! ( Sort of ) . I was n't entirely nervous when the Doctor With Attitude ( who I must say , has lightened up significantly on the attitude since I became a second - time mom without quite so many pesky questions ) asked whether Sage was babbling . \" You know - mamamama , dadadada , gagagaga ... that sort of thing . \" \" Um , no . She really is n't . She 's not big on consonants . \" I forced a nervous laugh . \" Just a lot of aiyiyiyiyi . \" He did n't seem worried . I did n't act worried . Then I raced home to to the blog ( thank goodness for the blog , for I am not so good with the baby book ) and found what I was looking for . Thalia 's first word : Cat . At 8 months and 11 days . Not a ga . Not a da . Not a bababababa . But you know , we second - time parents are n't supposed to worry about this kind of thing . So I did n't . I did n't worry . Nope , not a bit . Not for a minute . Not at all . Never once . Nope , never . ( Right . ) My mind races back to the toxo . What if it did affect her ? What if all the negative tests were wrong ? What if it 's the reason she has no words , no teeth , no hair , and ca n't yet do long division ? And then two weeks ago , suddenly it seemed like Sage was saying \" hi \" every time she forced her tiny fingers open and closed . And then there was the thhhhhhh sound and the spray of saliva on my face to show for it . And then , literally overnight : The babbling . The nonstop , god - loving babbling . Glorious Rs . Miraculous Ds . Sloppy but well - intended Ls . And a whole lot of dadas , because damn those Dadas , they always get theirs first . One of mine did n't say a word until she was almost 2 . Now she is in first grade , and reads at a 6th grade level . She also has the vocabulary to support that reading level . So I would n't worry about it . Yup , number one ( all boys ) spoke at about a year , right in line with guidelines . # 2 did n't really do anything ( he 'd say a word once , watch us get all excited , then not say it ever again ) until he was 2 . Then he just started talking , with sentences and everything and never stopped . # 3 did n't speak ( other than the occasional smallish word ) till he was 2.5 yo . Thank heavens he was the third , and we did n't have too much extra time to worry . I have a speech therapist friend who assured me she 'd let me know if I had to worry and she swore that she could tell I did n't have to . He 's perfectly fine at 5.5 and you 'd NEVER know there was a time he did n't want to talk . The hard consonants like g and d are easier for a child to form and say than the L or M so we almost only get dadadadada before mama . And milestones , they ai n't gon na happen until the kid is ready so there is no use in getting upset about it . My first , a male , had three word sentences by 18 months : my second , a female , had very few words by the time she was two ... and had to be prompted to talk . If she wanted something I had to with hold it unit she would say it because we knew she knew the words but she would n't say them . Soon she was talking a blue streak . My third followed the pattern of her older brother . They are all different ... . Mira has n't been that interested in the whole communication process yet . I babble to her \" Say mamamamama , Mira ! \" and she just shakes her head no at me . We also have lots of aiyiyiyiyiii here . Cordy was babbling far earlier , but Mira is also way ahead of her on physical development . While Cordy still did n't crawl at this age , Mira is already pulling up and thinking about balancing on her legs . Listen , the important thing is that you put it all down in Sage 's baby book because god forbid you skip an entry in your second child 's baby book she 'll have some kind of baby book abandonment syndrome for the rest of her life . Just ask my baby book deprived little sister . I 've been blogging on a similar topic lately , comparing the second baby to the first . Finally I just realized all babies are different and stopped trying to hold this new one up to the same standards as his big sister . Easier said than done though , right ? I swear that my son is going to be the case study for the kid who says NOTHING intelligible for years , mother refuses to do anything to ' move him along ' , and he turns out FINE and even becomes a famous public speaker . At least , that is how I hope things turn out . Otherwise , he 'll be an adult that speaks like he 's just eaten a jar of peanut butter . I could n't resist your blog . You drew me right in with your \" I do n't know what I 'm doing either \" . My twins just passed the ten month stage and one is saying \" da - da \" and the other \" ma ma \" but they both want mama whenever they can see hear or smell me . Each of my kids have been so different but I 'm with you on the no worrying ... ever , nope , never , not me , yeah right . it 's the curse of motherhood . In several families that I know , the second child did n't speak for the longest . One family with 4 little girls that I babysat for , the third girl spoke a bable - language that the second girl had to translate for me . I think second children just do n't have to worry about it . My younger sister spoke much later than I did . It turned out she was tongue tied-- as in , literally ; her tongue was attached a bit too securely to the bottom of her mouth , which made consonants harder for her to learn to say . It gave her a pretty adorable slight speech impediment for her first eight or nine years , until a doctor finally decided she needed it fixed . ( No one made fun of her about this . She was much too pretty and charming to be made fun of-- something I always envied , actually . ) But we both would up skipping a grade in elementary school because of our advanced verbal and reading skills . EVERY time I started to freak out about something regarding my son 's development , within the next week he would make me look like an idiot by not only doing whatever it was , but doing it like he 'd been practicing for months . It 's just part of their job . Yay ! Good for Sage ! I know Caramama mentioned the lack of Mamamamas ... but really , it 's maybe better those wait . Our little boy said the mamas early . He has a habit of making milestones have a touch of Ick . oh ! i am so with you ! my 2nd is almost 10 months old , too , and he babbles but wo n't crawl . i can count on my two hands the number of times he 's rolled over ... and i am trying so hard not to be nonchalant . i am so good at assuring other moms that all babies develop at their own paces , that \" everybody learns to walk and talk eventually , after all ! \" but none of that works when i tell myself of course . thanks for keeping it real . Mine waited . And waited . And waited . i think she was about 14 months before she said anything more than mama and dada - but then it came in a flood , and around 18 months , she was pairing them , using plurals and possessives , and all sorts of crazy things . it was like she waited until she knew she could really do it . Second kids do things when they get around to it . They have siblings to do the rest . I swear my friends youngest ( of four ) did n't walk until 17 months . She did n't need to , she had sisters to hand her every dang thing she wanted . Sage will talk , try not to worry . Just remember , when they start to talk , they never stop . And as a second kid , she 'll be louder ... just to make sure she 's heard . It 's common for the younger one to let the big sister do the talking . Also one of the anonymouses is full of it . Muh muh muh , because it 's a bilabial is typically one of the first sounds a baby makes , hence mama universally being a common first word . The P sound is a bilabial plosive which is why papa is pretty much a cultural universal as well . These are typically the things babies first say . If not , they 're retarded . It 's in the google . Hope I 'm not pestering you ... I left a comment at League of Maternal Justice as well ... . Thought you might be interested to know that a bill to reform the CPSC ( S. 2663 ) will be on the Senate floor today and tomorrow . ( There was a cloture vote yesterday . ) If you have any readers in SC or OK , they might be interested to know that Sen. DeMint and Sen. Coburn are opposing the bill over the whistleblower provisons , provision of corporate information , and increases for state power to enforce product safety rules . I think the bill will pass by a wide margin given yesterday 's cloture vote ( 86 - 1 ) but the Bush administration said it has serious concerns about the legislation -- no veto threat yet . Might be a good time to call your senators and the WH . And you know , I just read in a baby book that I reviewed that any sound she makes that obviously means something to her ( like ba ba for bottle ) counts as a word . That relieved me with Bruiser , who says Ma ma and Da da and Ba ba at the appropriate times , but has yet to say something like \" cat \" or \" ball . \" Came across your blog recently . Really enjoy the way you write ... Lovely picture of your girl . My son was born Aug 05 ( just saw your first was born July 05 ) and my second on is 9 m old . Funny thing is I do n't even remember when my son started speaking words ... now I will remember to note it for my second child ! ( She started saying Dada and thatha may be 3 m back but that 's it - no mammma or any other word ... just random babbling ... with my son mamma was clearly his first word ! Me Me Me . Email . ( Crazy though it sounds , not all blogs are product review blogs . Pitches relevant for Cool Mom Picks can be sent to me at Cool Mom Picks . My name is Liz by the way . Not Mom-101 . My mom will vouch for that . ) Archives . "}
{"url": "https://fabfree.wordpress.com/tag/the-wash/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162808.51/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00125-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Normally I have a gold statue of a Buddha , a tall maroonish color candle holder and a framed photo of the kids when Dimitri was less than 2 years old - feeding Cheri , about 2 weeks old , displayed on this table . I do believe they have taken the words of this quote to heart as they are very close ! Do not get me wrong ... my kids can fight worse than a cat and a dog , but I know they love one another and are very protective of each other . Then I added a simple golden ribbon bow to the top of the cloche . At first , I wanted to make a proper Fruit Cake - the kind which you make weeks in advance and once a week it gets a good dose of Brandy / Whisky or Rum . That is the favorite type in South - Africa , a baked Fruit Cake - with or without the liquor . I have been wanting to make this particular dessert for some time now , and thought I will give it a try and share if it is good enough .... obviously it was good , as the recipe follows . Place the Raisins , Citrus Peel and Cherries in a large pot - add 2 cups of the Water and the Apple Juice(or White Wine ) - heat to just under boiling point , remove from heat and keep aside . Sprinkle the Gelatin over the remaining 1/2 cup Water until spongy - add to the luke warm water to dissolve completely - set aside . Once the mixture starts to set , beat the Egg Whites stiff and fold into the mixture - add the Vanilla and Almond Flakes - stir well . Pour the mixture into two molds ( 1.5 liter capacity each ) - Chill 4 - 5 hours to set completely . Especially for Christmas ! This serves as a place card as well as a place where the kids can put down their dirty knives and forks , because we all know , kids do not like to place the dirties onto the plate . No matter how many times you tell them , and when it is party / celebratory time , they have friends and out goes all the stuff you try to teach them every day . It only takes a few minutes to make one , is cheap enough to throw away afterwards , so ... go through with it - make some and you will not have to struggle with stains the day after . Kids like when something has their name on and are more likely to use it ! This is the first \" thick \" omelette I have had - you can see how nicely I sliced it into a wedge ... placed on a slice of toast and Voila - breakfast or a light dinner is served . Okay , we had some sausages on the side as well ... how often do you hear that \" ... the meat was on the side ... \" ? Whisk together the Eggs and Water - season with Salt & Pepper . Melt the Butter in a large ( oven - proof ) pan and add the Oil - stir to mix - add the beaten Egg mixture , cook over low heat , do not stir much . As soon as the center of the omelette start to set , remove from the stove - add the cubed Feta . Christmas Trees to eat ! ! These would make such cute and adorable center pieces at the kids ' Christmas table - that is , if your kids have their own table ... if not , they are just fine for the adult table as well , do n't you think ? As soon as I saw this idea in a magazine , I wanted to make them , so . I made the three larger ones using standard size ice - cream cones and then I found some mini cones in my freezer as well . they might even be cuter than the larger trees ! Sprinkle with edible glitter and chill a few minutes to set . is to place a small toy or lolly pop inside the larger cones , use icing to \" glue \" the bottom to a round cookie and then start with the tree . The mini cones can have a small piece of paper with a joke or game inside , . or even filled with caramel or mini marshmallows and closed the same way with icing and cookies . I made some Place Card Holders which is a little different than the standard triangle cards found on tables . These are just ideas which jumped into my head this morning and of course I started making them immediately , well , I had an idea for one of them but the other two followed soon after ... . Christmas season must be the best time to let one 's creative juices flow . And did you notice all the cool stuff you can do during this time on PicMonkey ? Here I have used 5 pegs - painted them with gold craft paint - glued them together to more or less simulate a little Christmas Tree - glued the miniature peg , with the name card , to the top and some silver rhinestones here and there . I used my glitter glue - pens to \" draw \" streamers . I have used four ice - cream sticks - painted them with silver craft paint - glued them together . I then pasted some glue all over the tops of the sticks and loosely stuck tiny white pearl beads on as well as four red rhinestones . More beading wire was used to loop through the heart shaped name card and twisted to close at the bottom . I twisted the top piece of wire a couple of times around the base \" ring \" and then used it to attach an earring hoop to , also ending with twisting the wire around itself . Place the Swiss Roll slices or pieces at the bottom of your dish . Beat together the Condensed Milk , Cottage Cheese , Lemon Juice and Apricot Yoghurt until smooth and thicker - spoon over the Swiss Roll slices / pieces . Chill for 1 - 2 hours in the refrigerator . Arrange the peach Slices on top and serve . This was awesomely delicious ! There were no leftovers and all the plates were empty - now , that is something that can make me truly happy . I made this doorstop when I just started getting interested in crafting a couple of years ago . Unfortunately , I do not have a step - by - step tutorial for you , as at the time I made this , blogging about this some day never even entered my mind ! It is actually very straightforward - when using Mixed Media , the possibilities are endless . You can use just about anything you like . Everything I have used ( except the standard building brick ) is available at large craft stores , especially stores specialising in mosaic tiles for crafting . Use tile grouting to fill the spaces in between the tiles as well as the far outer edges . This can be painted but I opted for the light grey natural shade of the grouting . I applied glue to all the open areas - filled them with green glass sand and three cute little flowers , making sure to press everything into the glue and added a dash of glue here and there where extra were needed . Lastly : IMPORTANT - I have laminated floors therefore I cut and glued a piece of felt to the same size as the bottom of the brick , now we just use our feet to shift the doorstop into place without scratching the floor ! Although I have used a standard size building brick , you can use a half size or even a stepping stone which is available at most gardening stores as well as building supply stores . I have made stepping stones using mosaic tiles as well ... I placed one or two in pot plants outside , where the sun 's rays bounces off lovely . Seeing as it is our gardening season , I will be making some more and share them with you - this time step - by - step . Beat the Butter until light and fluffy - add the Sugar and Egg , keep beating until smooth . Mix the Coffee mixture with the Cottage Cheese and add to the Butter mixture - fold in gentle - chill until a little firmer . Combine the Milk and Vanilla - dip each Lady Finger into this mixture as you assemble the triangle : . It is at times like these , when my brain cells are too fried to think that I look up Ms Annette Human 's recipes . told you I am a cookbook freak and she is one of my favorite authors . 1 cup Water 1 Egg 4 TB Sugar 1/2 t Salt 4 TB Corn Flour 1/2 cup White Vinegar 1/2 cup Mayonnaise . Whisk together the Water , Egg , Sugar and Salt - pour into a small pot over low heat . Mix the Corn Flour and the Vinegar - add to the Water mixture - bring to the boil , stirring continuously until thick - remove from heat and add the Mayonnaise , stir to combine , leave to cool . BEEF CHOW MEIN . 3 TB Soya Sauce 1 TB Worcestershire Sauce 1 TB Soft Brown Sugar 1/4 t Ground Ginger . 750 g Beef , cut into thin strips Oil , to fry 3 Onions , sliced into rings 3 Carrots , cut into julienne strips 3 cups Cabbage , sliced thinly 1 can ( 410 g ) Green Beans , French cut 1 t Salt 1/2 t Freshly Ground Black Pepper . 500 g Spaghettini , cooked according to the instructions on the bag . Combine the Soya Sauce , Worcestershire Sauce , Brown Sugar and Ginger - place the Beef strips into a marinating container and pour the Soya Sauce mixture over - marinate for at least 1 hour . Add more Oil if necessary and stir - fry the Carrots for 2 -3 minutes - add the Cabbage , stir - fry until soft . Drain the Green Beans and add to the pan together with the meat and Onions - heat through . Season with Salt & Black Pepper . You can use any mold you like , large and deep or small and shallow . I used the same recipe which I used for the Cupcake and Cellphone shapes , but was a little worried as these are so thin - they turned out to be about 5 mm thick . , but , anyhow , I added more Corn Starch and Citric Acid until it felt like , only just wet sand again - and it was perfect afterwards ... still fizzy . - Add the Oil mixture in a thin stream , whilst stirring all the time , to the Baking Soda mixture . - The mixture is now ready to be packed TIGHTLY into your mold - make sure to press it into all corners etc . . - Leave to harden at least 12 hours or overnight , do not remove it too soon - it WILL crumble away , wait , and you will have rock hard bombs . This is a great craft which kids will enjoy as much as adults . Craft Texture is almost the same as Plaster of Paris , apply , leave a while and it will go rock hard , in the way you have sculpted it of course . If you have never heard of it before , Texture looks like something between clay and stiff whipped cream . that is the best way I can describe it . It is available at craft stores and is ready mixed ( mine has already lasted two years , as long as it is kept in a sealed container ) . I have used it before on candles and other mixed media crafts . AMAZON Associates Disclosure . "}
{"url": "http://www.macieira.org/blog/2012/05/doesnt-work-doesnt-work/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162094.74/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00135-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "April 19 , 2005 . [ Joseph Ratzinger had served as head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith [ this is the \" modern \" descendant of the Inquisition ] since 1981 , working zealously to suppress any and all dissent from hard - line orthodoxy . Not a good sign at all for those hoping for a more compassionate and \" liberal \" papacy / Catholic Church . -Thomas ] . \" Today , the princes of the Roman Catholic Church elected as Pope a man whose record has been one of unrelenting , venomous hatred for gay people , Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger . In fact , during the reign of John Paul II , Cardinal Ratzinger was the driving force behind a long string of pronouncements using the term ' evil ' to describe gay people , homosexuality , and marriage equality . As a long - time Catholic from a staunchly Catholic family , I know that the history of the church is full of shameful , centuries - long chapters involving vilification , persecution , and violence against others . Someday , the church will apologize to gay people as it has to others it has oppressed in the past . I very much doubt that this day will come during this Pope 's reign . In fact , it seems inevitable that this Pope will cause even more pain and give his successors even more for which to seek atonement . \" - Matt Foreman Executive Director , NGLTF . UPDATE : Two more commentaries . Owen Broadhurst , posting to a Green Party mailing list ... . [ Please note : It is not my purpose in forwarding this to demonize any faith , attack any religious belief , or to fan the flames of anti - Catholic bigotry . My late parents were both loyal and true Roman Catholics , and their politics were fueled and inspired ( as my own are ) by their religious beliefs . My father was a socialist . My mother was a Green . - OB ] . [ Explanatory note : Monsignor Josemar\u00eda Escriv\u00e1 de Balaguer , the Hitler - praising fascist who created Opus Dei , was canonized a Saint in October 2002 . Monsignor Denis Faul , from Ireland 's northern British occupied counties , once compared Opus Dei with the terrorist death squad known as the Orange Order . The martyred Archbishop Oscar Romero , who was assassinated precisely because of his faith , was oddly never once even considered for canonization by the prior Papacy , which canonized over 450 Saints , more than any Papacy . When Cardinal Ratzinger presented Dominus Jesus on September 5 2000 , a document regarded by most observers as an assault on faiths of Asian origin , he was flanked by two close associates including Opus Dei 's Vicar General . Joaquin Navarro - Valls of Opus Dei has directed the Holy See press office since 1984 . Opus Dei now has ' personal prelature ' , which means it answers only to the Pope and no Bishops . Opus Dei 's Juan Luis Cardinal Cipriani , the fascist who defamed Father Gustavo Guitterrez , was a close associate of Peru 's Fujimori . The Cabinet of the Spanish fascist Franco had 8 Opus Dei members . ] His loathing for gay people was betrayed in 1992 when he spoke against civil liberties for gay people and claimed \" neither the church nor society should be surprised \" if \" irrational and violent reactions increase \" when gays demand civil rights . He declared Hinduism \" morally cruel \" . ] Josef Cardinal Ratzinger , Prefect of that which was once entitled the Inquisition and is now called the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , was involved in his youth in a Nazi anti - aircraft battalion , and was trained in the Nazi wermacht . His actions against dissenting theologians include threats of excommunicating even the Rev. Frei Betto- whose many writings on liberation theology prompted me to receive the Sacrament of Confirmation as a Roman Catholic when I was in high school . He was antagonistic towards nearly all of the various liberation theologians who had informed my practice of Roman Catholocism , from Joseph Cardinal Bernardin and the Rev. Charles Curran , to Leonardo Boff and Hans Kung . Hans Kung had his license to teach theology revoked by Cardinal Ratzinger , despite ( or perhaps , in many ways , because of ) his being a principal architect of Vatican II . The Cardinal 's Crusade against liberation theology have often prompted his opponents to label him \" Panzerkardinal . \" It was he who sent in August a letter to Cardinal Theodore E. McCarrick of Washington urging him to deny the Sacrament of Holy Communion to politicians who refuse to take advantage of and exacerbate gender , race and class inequities in outlawing abortion . This racist activist in August also had urged in Le Figaro that Turkey be refused European Union admission on the basis of religion . The Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith has been headed by Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger since 1981 , and it is the successor to the Sacred Congregation of the Universal Inquisition . According to biographer John Allen , \" Ratzinger today believes that the best antidote to political totalitarianism is ecclesial totalitarianism . \" He called homosexuality an \" intrinsic moral evil . \" He was involved in the Hitler Youth in Bavaria when he was a seminarian . For the record , he never became involved in the party . Josef Cardinal Ratzinger penned also what has often been described as having the strength of a Papal Encyclical , \" \" On the Collaboration of Men and Women in the Church and in the World \" , an assault on feminism and gay marriage . It is said that it was Cardinal Ratzinger who stayed the prior Pope 's hand when John Paul II planned to declare Mary \" Co - Redemptrix \" . Matthew Fox was kicked out of the Dominican Order for his dissenting views . These are his observations on this new Pope and the prior one : . Some Reflections on the Recent Papacy of JPII . by Matthew Fox , Ph.D. . This pope and his self - appointed German mafia headed by Cardinal Ratzinger will have to face the judgment of history ( and very likely God also ) over issues that include but are not limited to the following : . A pre - occupation with morality as sexual issues even when this morality is deeply flawed . I include the following examples : . The forbidding of one billion Catholics world wide to practice birth control even while the human population explodes at the seams . The forbidding of the use of condoms even in a time when AIDS is killing individuals and whole populations the world over . The head - long pursuit of Augustine 's theology of sexuality ( all sex must be legitimized by having children ) . Other attacks include documents against yoga ( yes ! ) Priests are forbidden to use the pronoun \" she \" for God at the altar . A prolonged effort to render fascism fashionable . This includes the rushing into canonization of the card - carrying fascist priest who founded the Opus Dei movement even though this man actually praised Adolf Hitler and also denounced women and has been accused of sexual abuse of six young men who are alive today . The taking of Opus Dei under the hand of the papacy granting it legitimacy and power within and without the Catholic structure . The conscious destruction and systemic dismantling of the Liberation Theology movement and the very vital base communities it spawned in Latin America in particular -- a move which has opened up Latin America to an onslaught of Pentecostal and right wing religious huckstering . The demise of the Catholic Church in Latin America is now well underway -- pentecostals are sweeping away the population -- now that this papacy ( with the encouragment and support of the CIA ) has destroyed liberation theology and replaced it with opus dei bishops and cardinals . The effort to eliminate theology and replace it with ideology by spreading fear among theologians . The expulsion from the priesthood of three prominent theologians on three continents in the 1990 's sent fear into the ranks of theological thinkers since . Those 3 theologians are Leonardo Boff from Latin America ; Father Eugene Dreuermann from Germany ; and myself in North America . ( One legal commentator points to a Vatican document on dealing with pedophile priests as \" an international conspiracy to obstruct justice . \") Three close bishop friends of this pope in Europe were themselves forced to resign for sexual misconduct . Even more curious , is the elevation of one key American churchman , Cardinal Law , head of the Boston archdiocese where the U.S. pedophile scandal first went public , to a plum parish assignment in Rome this past year . The rigid sticking to celibacy as a requisite for being a priest ( as well as the requisite of having exclusively male genitals ) means fewer and fewer Catholics have access to the sacraments and fewer and fewer persons are drawn to study for the priesthood . The attendance at Mass on Sundays in San Francisco alone has plummeted 70 % during this pope 's reign . As a result of his policies the demise of the number of practicing Catholics in the Northern countries including Ireland and United States continues unabated . In a few years 2/3 of parishes in Germany will have no pastors and no Eucharistic celebration . Already , 1400 priests in Germany are from outside the country and the number of new priests ordained there has dropped from 366 in 1990 to 161 today . The average priest world wide is over 60 years of age . The obstruction of Ecumenism and Interfaith to the point that most Protestant bodies have , in the words of a key player in Canada , \" given up a long time ago \" on the Catholic Church supporting ecumenism . The raising of the papacy to a ' cult of personality ' aided and abetted by the fawning media . Speaking of the fawning media , this papacy granted a \" man of conscience \" award to Rupert Murdoch ( who , the year after he got the award , divorced his wife of many years to marry a young woman ) . The Holy Spirit is far smarter and forward looking than any papacy and thus this destruction of Catholicism 's past may well be the Spirit 's way of creating a flatter playing field for Deep Ecumenism and Interfaith in the future . When I think of this pope I think of a hard - working priest who came to see me a year ago from southern California . He cried as he told me how ALL of the budget for the ministry to the poor was being cut to pay for a big new cathedral and for priestly misconduct . He himself was close to leaving the priesthood . I think of another priest who came to me three years ago and who was the person who actually ran his entire diocese on behalf of his bishop . He was at his wit 's end with the hypocrisy and lies emanating from Rome -- he knew many secrets . Rather than leave and rather than play the game , he quit his position and diocese and found a ministerial position in another diocese thousands of miles away . Now that this pope has passed , let readers reflect on the seriousness of these matters . And pray for this pope . I for one would hate to have to face my Creator with a track record like this one . "}
{"url": "http://www.skepticule.co.uk/2011/09/skepextra-013-20110821.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701160582.7/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193920-00316-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Nine reasons to watch Royal Family . Not that you are going to be easily swayed , I know , but here are nine reasons why you should check out Royal Family ( 2011 ) . Whether you think these reasons weighty or flaky , at the end of the day it really boils down to this : . I 'm just a drama , standing in front of an audience , asking them to love her . ( So says a certain Thundie Scott from a certain movie Prattle Hill . And yes , a drama takes a feminine pronoun , you have issues with that ? ) Okay , now that we 've gotten grammarians and Julia Roberts ' fans in a flap , here are the nine reasons in no particular order of weightiness or flakiness . ( Why nine and not ten reasons , you ask . Because even numbers hog the limelight way too often , that 's all . ) Are you one of those who abhor dramas that take forever to move into gear and where the end is at least fifty episodes beyond yonder hill ? Are you one of those who have declared to all and sundry that you will never touch a drama that 's longer than twenty episodes ? Well , you 'll be pleased to know that Royal Family 's a breezy eighteen hours . In fact , you can watch the whole thing in a day ! Never mind that you 'll emerge looking like something the cat dragged in , but that 's the whole point of kdrama addiction , is n't it ? To look like something the cat dragged in . Wear your eye bags proudly because that 's how we addicts recognize each other . Not that I finished Royal Family in a day , mind you , but I did gobble up five episodes in one sitting and could have finished more if I did n't feel a pang of guilt for neglecting a certain fifty - episode drama . ( Soon , dear crack , soon . ) With its scorching pace , you 'll watch this like you read a page - turner , eyes peeled to what 's unfolding before you . If you slow down to reflect , you might realize that sometimes pace trumps logic in this drama , but who cares ? You just want to know what 's going to happen next ! That , my friends , is the hallmark of good storytelling : to hook you in from the onset and to keep you engaged ( and entertained ) hour after hour . April slipped away without fanfare ( or permission ) and we 're now in the month of May , when a slew of new and highly anticipated dramas will hit our screens . Are you one of those waiting impatiently for Micky Yoochun 's second drama or the Hong Sisters ' next offering ? Do you grin in your sleep as you dream of the hotter - than - hot pairing of Kang Ji - hwan and Yoon Eun - hye ? ( If you do n't know what I 'm talking about , this superb post gives you a good inkling of what to expect with the upcoming May - June lineup . ) If all you can think ( and talk ) about now are the new dramas , then all the more reason you should watch Royal Family . You 've got to strike while the iron is hot ! If you do n't , there 'll be way too much stuff to iron later and not enough time to do it . Get what I mean ? ( And the lizards in my room snigger before chiming in one voice : \" Keep talking , sister , keep talking . \" ) By the way , I guess this post is an opportune time to announce that live recapper extraordinaire Softy will be back on Thundie 's Prattle with transcaps ( transcript + recap ) of one of the May dramas . It 's gon na be a fun ride so stay tuned ! Unless you 're some recluse , you 'll know that AWOII ( a wedding of immense importance ) recently transpired in the land that birthed many of my favorite authors . That 's right , on April 29 , Prince William and Kate Middleton walked down the aisle of Westminster Abbey ( and I missed the whole thing on TV , waaahhh ! ) Does n't that put you in a right royal mood and make you want to run out and grab a kdrama , any kdrama , with the word \" royal \" in its ( English ) title ? And when you do dash out , you 'll realize that there is n't such a drama in the stores , bwahaha ! Dramas about kings and queens we have seen aplenty , but none was deemed \" royal \" enough to be called royal anything until ... Ta da ! Presenting Royal Family , a drama that aired its last episode just a week ago . ( No , do n't tell me how it ended , please ! ) Does it live up to its name ? Well , you 'll just have to watch and find out . ( Should you roll your eyes at what I just claimed , kindly refer to this site that lists all kdramas , supposedly . If their lists are incomplete , then someone go update them ! ) Are you a Sungkyunkwan Scandal fan ? ( And the thunderous \" Ayes ! \" threaten to burst thundie 's eardrums . ) Do you miss the cast of that drama ? Do you especially miss a certain dear professor who made the Analects of Confucius hip and cool ? Ha , what do you know , said professor reappears in Royal Family , as someone totally unhip and uncool ! He 's also not particularly favored by his mom , which makes for all kinds of complexes , and also makes him an easy target for nefarious schemes . For instance , is he really guilty of licentious conduct ( ogling one of the 150 housekeeping staff in the family 's labyrinthine abode ) or was it a set - up ? Who knows ? This drama keeps you guessing about motives and personal agendas . In five episodes , I still ca n't decide if our male and female protagonists are white or enigmatic shades of gray , or if the villain they are up against is really as evil as the drama has painted her thus far . Still on the subject of old favorites , remember the two chief sycophants in Queen Seondeok , the ones who served Mishil ardently and also got to enjoy her in ways that would make prudes blush ? Well , guess what , they are back here as sycophants again ! How low will they stoop this time ? You 've got to watch for yourself . Speaking of Queen Seondeok 's Mishil , I bet she 'll be pleased ( or jealous ) to know that someone 's giving her a run for her money in the Most Unforgettable Villainess department . This someone may not be as young or as ravishing , but she will match Mishil stride for evil stride . Meet Gong Soon - ho , my shoo - in for villain of the year . Played chillingly by Kim Young - ae , Gong 's glare alone will make you quake in fear , like how the lizards in my room drop from the ceiling and lose a tail when my dogs suddenly growl in their sleep . Not only is Gong the matriarch of her family and the guardian of its immense wealth , she is witch , tyrant and control freak , all three . Should she take an inexplicable dislike to you , good luck . Even if you 're her daughter - in - law , you cease to be a person and do n't even have a name anymore ; you 're just called K. You ca n't breastfeed your baby because your breasts will sag and that will not do , nope , because how then can you live up to the old lady 's mandate , that you are merely her darling son 's plaything and nothing else ? Everything you do is tracked ; guards stand outside your door ; you ca n't even sneeze without that fact being reported and thrice verified . Your disappearance , preferably forever , will be your mother - in - law 's greatest pleasure . To be so reviled by another human being , is it any wonder that K is slowly going a little batty ? But is her behavior real or just an intricate front for a revenge ploy that will rock Mama Gong 's empire and cause it to eventually fall into the younger woman 's hands ? Who 's the real villain here , the matriarch or the meek daughter - in - law with an initial for a name ? If you 're tired of watching insipid female characters in your kdramas , you 'll rejoice to know that the women in Royal Family are , for the most part , made of steely stuff . But whereas steel is hard and unbending , the women in this drama are not above crooked and conniving ways to achieve their goals . No one is overtly virtuous , at least not in the first five episodes . In short , everyone is capable of bitchiness . That makes for some exciting drama , no ? Take Yum Jung - ah 's character , Kim In - sook . Also known as K. On the surface she 's a devoted wife to her doctor husband , the matriarch 's beloved second son . So why does her mother - in - law hate her so much ? Are there old grievances , sins and secrets , yet to be unearthed ? And what exactly is her relationship with the two men who seem ready to lay down their lives for her , neither of the men her lawful husband ? Why does she , who seems all delicate on the outside , wield such power over them ? See now why I said earlier that the drama 's like a page - turner that you ca n't put down ? In some ways it 's akin to watching a thriller ; the suspense keeps you engrossed and craving more . Backstabbing , bribery , boardroom tactics , even bathtub romps . Sister - in - laws sharpening their claws and licking their fangs . Get all that and more in Royal Family . ( Yes , I 'm aware that I 'm sounding more and more like a commercial for this drama . Can you imagine what I would write were I to be truly smitten ? ) Friends have christened Flames of Desire , which ended its 50-episode run about a month ago , as haute makjang . ( For a definition of makjang , go here . ) That means high - class or fashionably elegant makjang . Not the inferior versions that are a dime a dozen . I do n't know about you , but any kind of makjang , crass or elegant , sends me scrambling in the opposite direction . It took me about eight episodes to like Flames and that was months ago ; I 'm still stuck in the mid - teen episodes and have n't felt much urgency to continue . ( I will , so stop hurling used cat litter at me ! ) In contrast , Royal Family was addictive right off the bat . It 's also way more haute in the strict sense of the word . That 's because the Jo family is super rich and everything about them is opulent to the max . Their living quarters ( aka JK Garden aka JK Headquarters ) are not only sprawling ( hence the obscene number of employees in just housekeeping alone ) but so luxuriant , Hyun Bin 's house in Secret Garden looks shabby in comparison . Obviously the writer and PD want to make sure that they do justice to the \" royal \" in the drama 's title and have gone to great lengths to showcase a setting that 's almost fairytale - like . Maybe that explains part of the drama 's draw ; half the time I 'm gawking at the shameless display of wealth . If the above seven reasons have not persuaded you to give Royal Family a shot , how about this one ? Watch the drama for The Hot . When Episode 1 of Royal Family opens , it is Ji Sung 's face that we see , in a close - up that 's too close for comfort . ( I watched this immediately after checking out Episode 1 of Thorn Birds and was flabbergasted that both dramas had the same sort of opening , with a character 's face filling the screen and yelling his or her head off . Sure frightened the hell out of me . ) Turns out Han Ji - hoon 's just being the usual arrogant and thuggish kdrama public prosecutor , resorting to threats and physical violence to elicit a confession . As the drama continues and we are assailed by flashback after flashback , we begin to piece together the guy 's past : He was raised in an orphanage , he was accused of murder , he was aided by a benefactor , he grew to become a lawyer . I confess that I 'm mostly watching the drama for Ji Sung . Now , it 's not what you think ; it 's not because he 's cute or hot ( although he 's a good actor and also a screencapper 's dream , what with the endless . posturing photo - shoot opportunities , the camera lingering longer on him than on any other character ) . It 's because I keep getting the feeling that Ji - hoon 's being a tease and is more shady than straight . How , for example , did he manage to be prosecutor for a murder case where he 's also the defendant ? ( Writer : Everything and anything is possible in a drama , you did n't know ? ) Is he really innocent , as he claims , or is he actually a monster in disguise ? Is he , God forbid , in love with a woman who was already a young adult when he was still sucking his thumb and wetting his pants ? Like a makjang worth its histrionics , Royal Family is replete with secrets and shenanigans in low and high places ( mostly high ) . But what keeps me simultaneously riveted and repulsed is the strange relationship between Ji - hoon and his benefactor . Yes , the woman called K. They spout words that make me cringe , declaring in no uncertain terms that each is the reason why the other lives ( and puts up with all kinds of shit in life ) . She will save him , he will protect her , they behave like they are ... . Oh , I do n't know what they are ! Is theirs a relationship so pure it puts dirty and suspicious minds like mine to shame ? Or do they harbor desires illicit and incestuous ? ( Although strictly speaking , it ca n't be incest since they are n't related . But still , she practically raised him , even if it was from a distance ! ) From the flashbacks , it 's clear that K 's hiding the truth about when she first met him ( a lot earlier than he thinks ) . What did K do to Ji - hoon 's mom ? How did he end up in the orphanage ? How did she conveniently \" save \" him from a life of crime ? Why is he putting his cushy prosecutor job on the line in order to enter the JK fortress and be near K ? Where does her sycophant figure in all of the twists and turns so far , and is he really serving her best interests or that of her enemy , the fearsome matriarch herself ? Post navigation . 22 thoughts on \" Nine reasons to watch Royal Family \" . I 'm glad you decided to watch this drama Thundie . It 's really juicy stuff . I actually finished it 2 days ago , and was satisfied . Not the best I 've seen this year but definitely one of the most intriguing and mind - thrilling . Makjang elements thrown in here and there but I liked that they did n't make it an oh - so conventional revenge type of drama . Had major gripes with in the middle and towards the end but overall , a very solid and well - made drama . Mind - provoking in a sense , at least you do n't feel stupid watching it hehe . Hmm , you make it sound so tempting with your wonderfully written post , thundie . And yet , their relationship sounds kind twisted and creepy ... not really my thing . Maybe sometime when I 'm not biting my nails anticipating a certain pair of upcoming dramas . ( And NOT one with Micky in it , lol . ) Hi , Thundie ! It appears that we have similar likings once again . I have followed Royal family until episode 14 , the last ones are not subbed yet ; and I have had a nice time . Of course I first watched for Ji Sung whom I love a lot since King 's woman , my first k - drama . He has a tendency to overact ( swallow the sun ) and he needs good actors to hold him . Here Yum Jung ah is absolutely perfect ; she is one of the best actresses actually and her little sister - in - law who has been so criticized in Dr . Champ is here again a good actress . I had seen her with YJA precisely in Working mom and she was really doing a good job . And the other veteran . Waiting for it . I know , since one of your previous posts , that it is a very difficult task . Let 's say it is for Damo 's sake ... I really love your blog ; it has a warm heart - I would n't tell why - that I do n't find elsewhere . Have a nice week - end ! Hi Thundie , Loved this new post ! Because I revere you as the god of Kdrama reviewing , whose mere utterance of the word \" watch \" sends me to the computer for instant downloading , I immediately obliged and watched the first episode of Royal Family . Wow . I 'm hooked - this is my kind of drama ! I must admit it comes at a good time , as I 've been trying to find something to sink my teeth into for midnight marathoning . I 've started the Devil , but episodes 2 & 3 are still languishing on my computer . City Hall was my second choice , and I 'm trying to stay open minded , but after two episodes I 've decided that I 'm just not as taken with Kim Sun Ah as the rest of the masses . ( Dare I admit that MNIKSS left me kind of bleh ? ) I 'm not giving up on City Hall yet , but if she does n't wash her hair soon , I 'm out . ( I know , so opinionated for one who is so new to Kdramas ! ) I think I 'm going to try ( TRY being the operative word here ) and savor this with an episode a night so I do n't end up chomping at the bit waiting for the newest subbed version like I am with NTOG . Once again , Thundie , thanks for a great suggestion ! Hopefully you 'll give us a few more thoughts on it down the road . Did n't know that you would pick this drama thundie ! I 'm up to ep.15 and enjoying it to the max ! I 've been complaining about how Ji Sung stuck with chaebol characters recently . However when he did a sageuk , I could n't even finished it . ( Kim Su Ro 's plot was a mess ) I guess he was meant to wear suits XD My 1st time watching Yeom Jung Ah and she ROCKS ! I 'm so sick of innocent , weak , timid type of female leads and she sure fascinated me ! Also I suggest you to read the interview with the writers on soompi page 28 ^^ Looking forward to your review . Would like to know your final thoughts . Thanks for this review/ advertisement/ ? , thundie . It made me watch the first episode and I 'll probably marathon the drama this weekend . BUT your approach to advertising is a bit off me thinks . :) You could have saved yourself the trouble and just written : JI SUNG DANCING TO SNSD 'S \" HOOT \" WHILE WEARING CUTE RED POLKA DOT APRON ! ! ! Hi thundie , Made it back . I am still floating on the air of Sungkyungkwan Scandal . Lovely drama with an interesting plot that was close enough tp historical possibility for me . The leads were delicious and they all blended so well as pals and co - conspirators and students . The older experienced actors made a solid base for all the devious plotting . One I can watch over again more than twice . I give it a 10 . For something really different I am just finishing the last episodes of ' Flames of Desire ' . Such a drama ... ! Strong cast and interesting settings . lush chaebol houses and all that money and power being coveted by devious daughters in law . It is one drama to be watched carefully because lots of twists and turns and much emotiional storm . I love it but I can see where many young watchers would hate it and drop it . Must say the last episode but one or two gets a little ' Oh get on with it and die ' . However I want to see how it ends because it is still very uncertain for the watcher . I give it a 9.0 . ' Royal Family ' is great to watch . Just seeing all that power in the houses and buildings makes you realise that there are people in the world who honestly do not know how rich they are . ( Many of the guests at the recent Royal Wedding in UK are actually decendants of Croesus I am sure . ) In the drama it seems that wealth can definitely be an anchor around the neck . Several in the cast can be loathed with glee . They are all tainted by greed it seems . Good Stuff to watch . So far I give it about an 8.5 but I think it has a way to go yet so may change . Is he really innocent , as he claims , or is he actually a monster in disguise ? Is he , God forbid , in love with a woman who was already a young adult when he was still sucking his thumb and wetting his pants ? Loved this . I soooo can not afford another overnighter , but you make this sound so worth it ! Thundie , I 've finished up till Ep . 14 and am still waiting for the subs for the rest . I was n't too interested in \" Royal Family \" when it first aired , but after sampling the first episode , it whetted my appetite to know what was going on , and I kept watching the drama . Even though I watched up to Ep . 14 , I 'm still not sure who killed Johnny . I ca n't believe a mother can kill her own child , and \" K \" is not the vicious type though she 's steely when facing her in - laws . Another drama which changes my mind is \" Midas \" . I read your recaps first , and when you stopped recapping them I stopped watching Midas after reching Ep . 2 or 3 . Then it piqued my curiosity about the relationship between KDH and IH , and I found the drama really absorbing in spite of all those terminologies that must have given a lot of trouble to the subbers . I thought the actor has turned into a good human being , but his voiceover at the end of Ep . 18 really riles me . I wish the fiancee will really kick him out for good if he ever finds the temptation of the money game too much to resist . Hi Thundie , Well I must say I did not enjoy Royal Family as much as Flames of Desire . Actually they both got loose in the writing in the later episodes . I thoroughly liked the evil women in Family and appreciated the way we were not allowed to know who was the spider in the middle of the web , and even at the end it was still not sure who was the worst villainess . Very uncomfortable with the implied relationship between the evil cougar and the younger game player . Without that fine cast this would have been a disaster . As for Flames ... the ending was weak as regards the way the brother / sister bump in the road was dealt with . I never could understand the way that was done because they were not brother and sister at all . However , the rest of the plotting was delicious between the various daughters in law . I did not expect Nayoung to come out on top but she definitely was like glue . the very last scenes with grandpa were so edgy . I almost expected to see him rolling over the cliff in his wheelchair . That old man still had the reins in his grasp and it would be nice to see just how Nayoung and he used one another in the future . For sure Min Jae will eventually be where Nayoung wants him as CEO because grandpa loves him and wants that . Min Jae was still a boy and he had a lot of growing up and much hardening in the business ahead of him . This was also a fine cast making the outrageous script come to life . Made me accept it all and really wold have liked more . Still give it a nine . Would drop Royal Family down to a seven . At the moment there is not much worth watching in my neck of the woods on TV at least . Hoping for better things soon . I agree , I like Ji Sung 's acting and appearance here ( I love his hair unlike his curly ' do before ) . This , together with Protect the Boss , make 2011 a good year for Ji Sung . I 've watched Swallow the Sun and Kim Su Ro before , but this drama made me sit up and google him . I watched New Heart last month and he 's become my favorite Korean actor ( well , sorta , he 's tied with Uhm Tae Woong ) . Over a year later , whenever I ca n't sleep at night , or do n't know what to watch , I always go back to revisit this pure - sweet love between Ji Hoon and In Sook . Especially the eps when they secretly met at the church and prayer 's room ... And definitely ep 5 where they share their kiss . Duh ! His eyes that always riveting on her are just simply smoldering , arresting , captivating . They are blessed to have one another to heal their wounded hearts and be the strength to continue to live ... Just like a year ago , tonight , I fall madly in love with Ji Hoon all over again . And keep envying their love and trust . popular prattles . archives . "}
{"url": "http://battellemedia.com/archives/2005/11/vcs_vs_the_platforms.php", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701165484.60/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193925-00281-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "If you 've been blogging for any length of time and are experiencing a bit of writer 's fatigue , I highly recommend taking an unscheduled vacation from your blog . Sure , it may have lasted longer than I had told myself it would , like , oh , a week longer , but it was fantastic . Even slightly restful . I 'd be lying if I said that it was just blog burnout , however . The ice storm sorta screwed me up . Then there was Christmas and all that entailed ( please do n't get me started , let 's just hold hands and praise Jesus that the holidays are over ) . And during the month of December C.C. , in all her squishable glory , thought that fucking with my mind would be the perfect gift for the mom who has everything so she sprouted two teeth and chewed the pink right off my nipples . And she sits unassisted . And she pulls herself up into a standing position . Then , the coup de grace - two days before Christmas she decided that rolling under couches was just not extreme enough so she learned how to crawl . Then she learned to crawl fast . I think my head just exploded . Sorry about the mess . Also , we 're fish - sitting . You know what a pain in the ass fish can be . Demanding food , drinking all the booze , swimming in their own waste . That 's not water he 's swimming in . That 's gin . He already ate the olive . Oh , and Chicky turned into Satan . That 's been fun . But let 's not look back with resentment and disgust through the bottom of an empty wine glass . It 's almost a new year ! Let 's look back on the happy times , such as they were , with this really contrived \" 2008 in Review \" post . So there you have it - 2008 , Chicky style . I 'm hoping 2009 brings me my mind back ( More on that tomorrow . Or maybe the next day because of the whole lost mind thing . ) but I 'm really hoping you and yours have a healthy and happy New Year . Now go drink some champagne or something . I need to wrestle mine away from the damn fish . What could be more quintessentially Christmas - y than giving little Billy and Sally an adorable fluffy puppy on Christmas morning ? It 's a Hallmark moment waiting to happen . The excitement on their little faces when you hand over a box ( with holes punched into it , of course , because no holes would really result in a gift that kept on giving ... In therapy bills . ) and out pops the sweetest little puppy face and two Frito - scented puppy paws that rest on the edge of the box . The image is almost Rockwellian , to the point where the cuteness quotient kicks your gag reflex into overtime . The children , now so overjoyed with the Best . Christmas . Present . EVER throw themselves into your arms , declaring you the best parent a kid could ever have and then immediately set about procuring water , kibble and special treats for the puppy . They banter good naturedly about what to name their new friend . They spend hours rolling a ball through the house for the pup to retrieve ( because he is a natural retriever , is n't he ? Even if he 's an 8 week old Yorkie who is smaller than your average tennis ball . ) , and take turns stroking his soft fur until all three of them , Billy , Sally , and little Elmo ( Hey , do n't look at me . You let the kids name him . ) , fall fast asleep in front of the Christmas tree . It 's such a special image . It 's enough to make you throw up in your mouth a little , is n't it ? Now let me tell you what will probably happen if you buy your kids a puppy for Christmas . First , no reputable and ethical breeder in their right mind would sell you a Christmas puppy . Ditto for reputable and ethical shelters . As a friend who used to work in an animal shelter told me when we were discussing animals as presents , the shelter she worked for had this rule : . \" No black cats adopted near halloween , no puppies near Christmas , no rabbits near Easter \" . The people who breed and/or care for dogs know what a bad idea puppies as presents are , so where would you get a dog that close to a holiday ? A pet store . And where do pet stores get their animals ? Puppy mills . So not only would you be supporting these establishments and their inhumane ways , but that pup you brought home probably has Kennel Cough or some intestinal parasite . So that box you put little Rover into before giving him to your kids ? You might want to check it before taking the puppy out because he probably left you a gift in there . A nice , runny , smelly one . Hope you get some cash for Christmas because you 'll need it for the veteranarian bills . But let 's keep the fairy tale alive , shall we ? Let 's say the puppy is the picture of health . Were you planning on staying home for Christmas or were you planning on running off to Grandma 's house ? I hope you 're staying home because something tells me Granny is going to be none too happy to have a pup peeing on her berber carpets or chewing on her credenza . Oh , you think you 're going to leave little Louie the Lab in a crate all day ? Sorry , puppies need to be put on a strict eating / drinking / potty break schedule and should not spend any more than four hours in a crate at a time . And for a puppy so young , four hours is really pushing it . Try every two hours . And something tells me Grandma does n't live next door . I 'm sure you 'd much rather be enjoying the Christmas festivities from inside a warm house versus outside in the cold looking through the windows while you beg the puppy to hurry up and poop already . And I mentioned the vet bills if you get a puppy from a pet store but I did n't mention the other vet bills you 'll be paying for when Willie the Weimeraner swallows his fourth gift bow complete with six feet of ribbon . That 'll be fun to extract . You were n't planning on the kids going to college anyway . Puppies are cute , puppies are fun , but puppies can also be gigantic pains in the ass when all they want to do is jump on Great Aunt Edna and gnaw on every ankle that walks by . As another blogger said to me , \" Christmas puppies are like spur of the moment Vegas weddings . Seems like a great idea at the time , but works out for very few . \" When the kids realize just how much work is involved in raising this dog they 'll be whining about how they also begged you for a Wii but did n't find one of those under the tree . The blush will be off the rose by lunchtime . I hope you like dogs , because that dog is your responsibility . Do n't come to me when your kids refuse to take the dog out for a walk . They 're kids , you 're the adult . You 're in charge , they 're not . Puppies need training , feeding , watering , grooming and exercise . Daily . You ca n't expect a seven year old to be responsible enough to care for a dog when the last five goldfish and two hamsters were sent to live on a farm . And is that a puddle of urine over there ? Merry Christmas ! Getting a dog is a serious decision that everyone in the family should have a say in . Careful research should be done to find just the right breed or rescue dog to fit your family . Take your time , talk it over and when you do find your forever pet it will be that much more enjoyable . Believe me when I say that your Christmas will be just as special if you give your kids Guitar Hero . And you wo n't have to worry about a puppy swallowing the new earrings you got from Santa . Just a quick aside : Why do n't we ever lose power like this here in the North Country in the middle of July when the sun stays out until 9 pm ? Why is it always in the dead of winter when it 's cold and dark ? What department do I have to take this complaint to ? The department of \" We 're Totally Screwing with Your Head \" ? Anyway . It could be worse . At least Mr. C 's parents live close by . In our old house . The one we sold to them three months ago so we could move to our dream house . I 'm just going to let that last sentence hang out there for awhile and let it sink in . I 'm still trying to decide if it 's ironic or just a mind fuck . I 'm going for the later . So we 're staying with them until we get our power back . In their house . The one that used to be our house . In the room that was C.C. 's room , if she had , in fact , spent even a night in that room . Which she did n't because she slept with us . In our old room . The one that is now my inlaw 's bedroom . Only now , due to the storm , she is sleeping in her old room . With us . Together . And I have to stop myself from traipsing into my inlaw 's bedroom , the one that used to be my bedroom , and do you hear that sound ? That 's the sound of my brain trying to escape my skull by force . But like I said , it could be worse . All of my relatives who live further north are completely without power and have no where to go since all the surrounding towns are also without power . Some people I know of could only recently leave their own driveways as they were blocked in by huge felled tree branches . My dad , his fiance and my Nana , who could leave at any time because luckily all the large branches missed their house , driveway and cars , are living in their tiny house with no hot water and only a fireplace to keep them warm . How are they doing ? Oh , fine . They 're fine . Just fine . Just ask them . But will they go someplace else to stay for awhile until the power comes back on ? Nooo . They 're fine . Pardon me while I bang my head against this wall . When the power goes out at 4 am with a large crash and something that looks like a huge bolt of lightning , one can get pretty creeped out . Especially when one 's husband is 3000 miles away and one is solely responsible for the well being of the wee , helpless beings in the house . I mean one . I mean ... Oh , forget it . Because when the power goes out at 4 am during a storm , it 's really dark and scary . And curling into a fetal position while sucking one 's thumb does n't help convince one that said boogey man is n't waiting to rip one 's head from one 's body as much as one might think . Yes , one is a bit of a pansy ass , is n't one ? Oh , also when driving down my street yesterday I told off the tree that is resting on the power line thus cutting off electricity to everyone from that point onward . I may have told it to go fuck itself . The tree in turn may have flipped me off . But I ca n't be sure because I was too busy looking for signs of the boogey man . ( Heavy emphasis on \" Holiday \" because I do n't want my Jewish friends throwing their latkes at me . Unless my mouth is open . I loves me some latkes . ) That means the photo session from hell . Hurrah ! This year there was the extra added joy of trying to wrangle a constantly rolling baby and positioning her close enough to her sister to get them both in the picture but not so close so that one of them suffocated the other . And by that last bit , I meant keeping Chicky from physicall abusing C.C. We were n't 100 % succesful but , hey ! Everyone is still alive ! It 's a freaking Christmas miracle ! God bless us everyone . If you do n't know the history of our holiday card tradition you can go here , here and here . The short story is , I 'm cheap . Also , I hate having some mall photographer who is making 10 bucks an hour wave a feather duster at my kid 's face while making noises similar to those of a choking cat all in the name of getting my child to smile at the camera . I can do that for free . Besides , the pictures my husband and I take are way better . I had envisioned taking a family portrait outside the new house but that did n't happen . It was cold and when it 's cold my nose gets all red and by God if my nose is all red in a picture it had better be because I have some gin in me . So we decided to throw a white sheet down on the ground , lay the girls on it and have Mr. C take the pictures while I acted like a doofus behind him . Chicky : \" If they think I 'm asleep , maybe they 'll just go away and take their camera with them . \" C.C. : \" What is that crazy broad doing back there ? Dude , wake up . Our mom 's finally lost it . \" However , my husband , my wonderful , precious , darling husband whom I love more than all others except for our wonderful , precious , darling offspring is a total stressbag when it comes to taking his kids ' picture . Or anything that involves both his kids , now that I think about it . About five minutes into our photo session he was stammering and sweating and frankly some words were starting to come out of his mouth that even I was impressed with , so to save some money on future therapy bills I took over . Thirty seconds later I had this year 's card . It 's just this side of cheesy to me - I mean , we 're in danger of putting Olan Mills out of business - but it 's done . She 's an extremely happy baby . When we take her out in public we can pass her from person to person and barely hear a peep out of her , even if she 's missed her nap . Put her on the floor to practice her crawling ... . ( She 's this close to crawling , which means I 'll have to kiss the ass groove in my couch goodbye soon but since I 've been told that hog - tying a baby is illegal in most states , what can I do ? ) ( Where was I ? ) ... and she 'll play with her toys for long chunks of time . Sometimes I forget she 's there . She 's an efficient nurser ( which is a good thing since she still refuses to take a damn bottle ) and a lusty eater of solids . And her sleep ... Well , we do n't talk about sleep unless there 's bitching involved and I think by my lack of bitching about sleep lately you can deduce how things are going . The spitting up and the chunks and the smell of baby vomit that clings to the both of us constantly ... It 's enough to drive me to drink if I was n't there already . Her poor tummy is messed up . She wears a bib every single day and I change her into a new one at least three times a day because she 's covered the things in nastiness as soon as I put a new one on . It does n't matter if she ate five minutes before or two hours before , there is no rhyme or reason . Sometimes she gets sick if she gets excited , like Stan on South Park . Sometimes I find her in her crib after her nap happily playing with her spit up on her crib sheet . And the worst one - she pukes up on herself right after her bath . Nothing upsets me more than bathing her and then having her sweet , freshly washed baby smell obliterated by the smell of upchuck . Except maybe getting covered with sick in the middle of Barnes and Noble . That really sucks . Too bad I could n't aim her at certain parents and use her as a weapon . Months ago , her pediatrician had given us a prescription for Prilosec . It helped a little but getting her to take it was a full blown battle of will and strength and that baby of mine ? She is as willful as she is strong . I can understand not wanting to have some nasty goo squirted down my throat ( Watch yourself , I 'm talking about my baby daughter here so keep your nasty thoughts to yourself . ) so I tried the medicine myself , just to see how gross it really was . Sweet baby Jesus . That stuff was like drinking motor oil with a yak spit chaser . But worse . So I stopped giving the medicine to her . At the time it did n't seem to make that much of a difference anyway . I had just recently started giving her Mylicon drops ( and no , we do n't have the Mylicon Drops that were recalled ) and that helped for a couple of days . But now ? Not so much . Maybe I 'm not giving her enough ? I do n't know . I get a little freaked out when I 'm giving my baby medicine for an icky stomach and alternately giving her fairly large doses of teething tablets and liquid pain reliever for her teeth . It seems like a bit much for a child so small . The sickness does n't seem to bother her too much . She is a champion back - archer , but I do n't think that necessarily happens because she 's uncomfortable . Who am I kidding ? I have no idea if it 's because of discomfort . I just have no idea . I 'm tired of smelling like vomit . I 'm tired of spending a fortune on dry cleaning ( she has great aim and an uncanny way of knowing if I 'm wearing wool or a regular washable fabric ) . I 'm tired of my delicious baby smelling like a frat house after a weekend kegger . But mostly I 'm afraid she 's in pain and I 'm not seeing the signs . Boy howdy , do I need funny right now . And would you looky here ? Today is ROFL day ! What a coincidence . My nomination for this month came out of the whole Motrin fiasco . A ray of sparkly light shining brightly from out of the shit storm on the wings of fairies carrying red velvet cupcakes frosted with ground unicorn horns . This year I really wanted an Advent calendar so Chicky and I could count down the days to Christmas together . And so the two of us would have an excuse to get a piece of chocolate every day for 25 days all in the name of the holidays . I searched online for the perfect Advent calendar ; a calendar I would want to keep for awhile and something the kids would be excited about taking out year after year . And I searched . And searched . Some of the ones I found were really ... Jesus - y . They looked like my Catholic upbringing had thrown up all over them . You could practically see the guilt . Seriously . They stressed me out . Others were too childish . I know the calendar is supposed to be for the kids but it has to live in my house , so Disney Advent Calendars were not even considered . That goes double for anything with a princess on it . I do n't know about you , but a Princess Advent calendar just does n't scream Christmas to me . It screams \" You 're the mother to two girls ! HAHAHAHAHAHA ! ! \" , but it does n't scream Christmas . So I did what most people do these days when faced with a challenge - I bitched about it on Twitter . The response I got was overwhelming . Within minutes I had all sorts of suggestions from the people who live in my computer . I love Twitter . Twitter completes me . So do the people who live in my computer . And the voices in my head . They 're pretty cool too . Then a certain lovely lady suggested I make one . Um , make ? I 'm sorry , that does not compute . Like with my hands ? And glue ? Did she not see what happens when I attempt to get crafty ? I could n't craft my way out of a paper bag with a hot glue gun and pinking shears with Martha Stewart personally giving me directions . So she offered to make one for me . It just came today : . Pretty sure I Squee'd when I opened it . And I do n't Squee . Unless I 'm drinking , but since it arrived this morning I was still relatively sober when I opened it . I gave her dog training advice , she gave me a handmade advent calendar . I think I got the better end of the deal . Thanks , PGoodness ! You 've convinced me that not all people suck . Most do , but not all and certainly not you . You can sum up the difference between my husband 's upbringing and mine with one simple truth : His parents bought him \" Free to be You and Me \" when he was a kid and mine did n't . I did n't even know there was such a thing as that album until I was in my 20 's . True story . Where his parents fostered individuality and free thinking , mine were of the mindset that things were done their way and we , my sister and I , had to deal with it . So while my husband was learning that \" It 's Alright to Cry \" , as so many other kids in our generation were , I was learning the words to Frank Zappa songs . Slightly inappropriate ? You betcha . But at least I knew to avoid the yellow snow . Not that my parents did n't supply us with some proper kids music . I had the standard issue plastic Mickey Mouse record player , with Mickey 's finger as the needle , and an album or two of Disney favorites and compilations of oldies but goodies like \" John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt \" and \" On Top of Spaghetti \" . But I also had the album from \" Grease \" the movie . Because , apparently , my parents saw no problem in a 7 year old belting out such lyrics as , . \" Look at me , I 'm Sandra Dee Lousy with VIRGINITY . \" And my personal favorite , . \" You know that ai n't no shit , We 'll be getting lots of tit , in Grease Lightning \" . By the grace of some higher power , I grew up fairly well - adjusted and in need of only the most basic of psychiatric care . ( Electro - shock therapy counts as \" basic \" , right ? ) But even though my musical taste is far , FAR , better than my husband 's , I still feel as if there was some important part missing from my childhood . Which is why I recently bought \" Free to Be \" for Chicky and C.C on iTunes . Well that , and I downloaded \" Hot Potato \" the other day - a song Chicky had never heard the original of before , instead she knew our bastardized version that we made up years ago to get her into the bath tub that went something like , . \" Naked baby , naked baby , Naked tushy , naked tushy , Naked baby , naked baby , Has a naked , A naked , naked , tushy . \" - and she looked totally perplexed to hear these unfamiliar men singing about \" Mashed Bah - nah - nah 's \" instead of naked baby booties . Personally , I think it 's important for kids to listen to age - appropriate music at least some of the time . There 's crucial life lessons to be learned in those songs . Lessons I just do n't have the energy to teach myself . Yeah , yeah . Share with your friends . Hug a tree . Do n't beat up your sister . Now run along while mommy watches \" The Real Housewives of Atlanta \" . However , if I can take away anything from my fucked up childhood , it is that children can learn to appreciate all sorts of music at a young age . I 'm amazed , no , dumbfounded by all the parents I have spoken to who have told me they only listen to children 's music in the car when their kids are with them . \" Little Johnny refuses to listen to anything but The Wiggles or Barney albums when we 're out together . He does n't let me listen to anything else . \" Really ? Does little Johnny have a pop gun held to your head ? I have a little doughnut addict but I do n't allow her to shove munchkins down her gullet every time we drive by a Dunkin Donuts . Personally , I 'd rather drive myself and my rug rats off the nearest bridge than listen to Laurie Berkner on constant play . Be a parent , put your foot down . You do n't know joy until you 've heard a three year old sing , \" Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah , I 'm gon na start a fight ! \" from the backseat . We went through a phase where Chicky wanted nothing more than to listen to Raffi morning , noon and night . It did n't take very long to break her of that habit . Now I allow one children 's CD ( one that does n't make my ears bleed ) in my car at any time and she gets to listen to it once all the way through . After that , we listen to music that I pick . On longer trips I will bring my iPod and I take requests from everyone in the car . I 'll let her listen to any of the many children 's songs I 've downloaded as long as we can listen to some music every one will equally enjoy . There 's got to be a happy medium . I want my kids to be kids but I also want to teach them there is more to life than \" The Itsy Bitsy Spider \" before I lose them to their generation 's version of the Jonas Brothers . Because then , not only will my ears bleed but I think my head might spontaneously explode too . Now , lest you think I 'm just concerned with being the \" cool mom \" , you can put those thoughts to rest right now . Coolness has nothing to do with it . Music that makes my teeth itch . That has everything to do with it . I 'm working on another kid - friendly playlist that will include music specifically marketed to kids as well as popular music that kids will enjoy and I hope to post it before the holidays . If you want to help out leave your favorite music in the comments and I 'll sift through them and add my own to come up with a new list . Those who dare add anything from Barney will be publicly ridiculed . Possibly tarred and feathered too . "}
{"url": "http://www.nysenate.gov/legislation/resolutions/2013/J401", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454702039825.90/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195359-00017-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "For millennia , it was a cultural universal that games existed for learning . True , children had fun , but the games were designed to teach both social and physical skills . Children learned to be warriors , how to govern , how to access cultural narratives all through the act of play . In fact , Plato theorized that one could learn more about a person through an hour of play than a lifetime of conversation . Even in America , where we have shifted toward a sit - in - your - desk - and - shut - up - and - learn model , our games become methods of accessing these cultural skill sets . We get the darkest factory values in child 's play . Thus , Simon Says teaches social conformity and prepares small kids for the prison - like environment of their future careers . Dodge Ball teaches Social Darwinism . Hide and Go Seek teaches children that transparency is overrated . Best run and hide from others . After all , this is the building block of many adult relationships . On the flip side , our games teach the best of American values . Hide and Go Seek helps teach autonomy and creativity . Simon Says teaches listening skills and proves to kids that language can be powerful . Dodge Ball helps with teamwork and allows kids to see the value of throwing things at people for sheer enjoyment . So , in our class , we create a game to make sense out of capitalism . It 's a market simulation game , where students graph their own investments and interact with one another . Throughout this process , they write reflections , send mail messages and join a pen pal network . A few of them even plog ( short for pencil logs ) about the process . When the game ends , students debrief the information in their plogs . After words , we set our pencils down and talk . On some level , it feels like waking up for a daze . Students debate the pros and cons of a market system , talk about the risks of speculation and relate this to the economic crash of last year . The pencil smudge girl from yesterday raises her hand , \" I think there is a danger in playing this game , but I 'm glad we played it . \" \" Can you elaborate on that ? \" I ask . \" I think the people in Wall Street got suckered into the same vortex that we were just in . They got selfish and that led to the Panic a few years back . It became a game to win . I think that 's how it is for some of the people who run Wall Street . \" All of this has me reconsidering the notion of fun . I do n't want my students to be amusement - addicts who play a violent Hang Man game or throw wads of paper out of boredom . I want students to use pencils as a tool . However , I 'm realizing that games can be a tool for learning . I 'm left feeling conflicted and confused . Perhaps technology can be a toy and the game can spur deeper reflection . Maybe the power in every game is the fact that it creates a safe place to rehearse reality . So now I 'm sitting at home with my daughter . She 's tossing a ball at the fence . The ball has been the dragon that attacked her fortress made of blocks and now it 's a magic ball that will lose its fairy dust if it falls on the ground more than once . She 's playing and learning and there is n't much of a divide at this age . Perhaps there should n't ever be such a rigid divide . Perhaps when my students ask , \" Can we play games ? \" or \" Ca n't we have fun ? \" the answer does n't have to be \" these are tools not toys . \" Maybe the answer can be , \" Maybe they are tools , but maybe they 're also toys . Sometimes it will be fun . Sometimes it will be difficult . But I will always try and make sure it 's meaningful . \" And it has me thinking that maybe innovation happens , not because we use our tools appropriately but because we play with them . We hack them . We change them . We use them in ways they were n't intended to be used and in the process , they become better tools . The problem with TED Ed is the problem of what we define in traditional education as a \" lesson \" . In life , we learn lessons by trial - and - error . We burn our hand on the stove as children and therefore learn that the stove gets hot . Over time we realize it gets hot because its purpose is to cook food . Some of us learn how the stove works and become mechanics or industrial engineers ; others of us become chefs . Most of us just realize to keep our hands out of hot stuff . But we all learn by doing and by making mistakes . And I emphasize \" doing \" . TED -- in the form it is presented online to the masses -- is not about doing . It is about watching . Listening . Consuming . Maybe leaving a comment or sharing a link to improve your TEDCred score . Yes , there is a wealth of interesting information and lots to think about . Personally , I find many of the lectures to be inspired . But we should n't confuse an inspiring lecture and provocative ideas with \" learning \" . And much of what we have called \" lessons \" over the decades really are n't lessons at all -- they are consumables . They are short narratives consumed by students who are then asked to fill in bubbles that demonstrate that the student either was paying a modicum of attention or that the student has good natural deductive skills in parsing the quiz - maker 's craft . And so we added the essay , the brief constructed response , the formal answer . And we said it was good because now we had brought qualitative and subjective response and the skill of argument to the assessment of learning . And we judged it objectively . And we kicked the poets out of town . None of this led to \" learning \" for the overwhelming majority of students . If it had , we would not be at the crisis stage in education and culture . And so , I was interested though skeptical of TED Ed when it was announced . And now , in seeing where it is going I am depressed . Let 's consider the things that TED Ed asks the learner to do : watch a video , take a multiple - choice quiz , write brief constructed responses , and read through a bibliography . If I took the name TED out of this scenario , I would suggest that many educators would say that this format is exactly the type of traditional assessment that project - based , inquiry - driven , personalized learning is at odds with . It is perfectly fine to watch a video . It is perfectly fine to view a lecture . It is perfectly fine to quiz yourself on what you remember from the video or the lecture . It is perfectly fine to write a brief response about a big question . But let 's not call that a lesson . That 's just a starting point . Lessons come from doing . Our mother told us the stove was hot . She told us not to touch . If we were asked what mother said , we would say : \" She said not to touch the stove . The stove is hot . \" But we did n't learn a lesson until we touched the stove and got burned . Lessons worth sharing are lessons that come from out of doing . And if we are going to bring education to the online space what we need right now is a platform that exists to help us do a lot more than flip the classroom . We desperately need a platform that exists to help us learn lessons by doing . Will TED Ed evolve into that ? Will MITx ? Will any of the current rage of MOOCs ? As the kids filled out their silent , kill - and - drill test , I found myself wanting to interact on Twitter . I wanted to share my questions and frustrations with the people I 've gotten to know . It had me wondering what school would be like if we modeled it after Twitter . At first , this ideas sounded intriguing . We would get together in random chats , organizing our thoughts and sharing resources according to shared categories that grow organically . I 'd have the permission to speak and to listen , engaging strangers at times and somehow making close friendships in the process . When things got too loud , I could move into a one - on - one mode , sharing small direct , personal messages back and forth . There would be space for deep , conflict - ridden discussions and light - hearted humor . Then I thought about the times when I 've learned the most and they had certain elements that simply do n't work that well on Twitter . They involved direct action and reflection , painful conversations , longer narratives , novels and paintings and solving equations that I had to wrestle with on my own . It was never entirely self - directed , often shaped , in positive and negative ways , by the will of the group . I really enjoy Twitter , but I grow professionally from a pint or a cup of coffee or a long hike or a game of catch or a favorite novel or a perplexing historical monograph . I love Twitter . I really do . I love blogging , too . But I 'm struck by the notion that social media should not be the basis for how we design schools . Instead , we need to design social systems that reflect the profound , the superficial , the nuanced , paradox - filled , muddled , messy nature of humanity . Educators clamor for open access to social media in schools . We ( including me ) write about the need to teach digital citizenship to the digital natives . And yet . . . how do we even define social media ? I witnessed many metaphors yesterday and each one of them seemed to suggest that we are attempting to find things in our physical world in order to make sense out of the digital . Should we view social media as a public location ? If so , does it matter where one tweets from if he or she is \" on Twitter ? \" Is it about the network ? the equipment ? If it is a space , is it truly public ? Does it make a difference that someone must willfully follow a person on Twitter or \" friend \" a person on Facebook ? My speech is , in this sense , less public than it would be at a supermarket or a baseball game . Defining social media through the lens of location becomes tricky , though . Twitter is , on some level , a spaceless space . It is real - time , but not bound by time . My words do not evaporate the way they do in conversation . Instead , I leave a ticker - tape of thoughts behind me for anyone to pick up asynchronously . In addition , social media allow users to be in many places at the same time in a way that is simply not possible without a horcrux ( Harry Potter reference ) . If I can speak openly about my faith at Starbucks with a group of friends then what changes if it in a tweet instead ? The size of the group , perhaps ? What size is large enough to be \" broadcast ? \" If this is the case , it would seem that the larger issue is less about the Establishment Clause than the right to assemble publicly . Should we view social media as the tools we use for the content that we produce ? Is it similar to writing a book , publishing a magazine , posting a blog ? What makes a tweet different from a bumper sticker in a staff parking lot , where a student might see political , personal or religious speech ? How are my Instagram pictures any different from putting photography in a museum ? The difficulty here is that the content is more accesible than in other forms of media . It is public , open to the entire world anywhere at any time . And unlike other media outlets , it is one in which the creators of the content do not have any voice in who owns the method . If so , then are the issues of free exercise and the establishment clause really relevant to social media ? At this point , it seems that it would be more an issue of the freedom of the press . It is hard to deny the power of the pocket journalists in the Arab Spring who used social media to report on the issues in the world . Should we view social media as a method of communicating ? Is it simply another form of conversation , not unlike body language , voice , text , etc . ? When I 'm tweeting am I simply having a conversation with whoever cares to listen ? The problem here is that social media does n't work like traditional forms of communication . The permanence , the broadcast nature of each medium , the difficulty in determining who is \" listening \" make it challenging . Moreover , it becomes even more challenging when it social media , by nature , are multimedia . Twitter involves videos , pictures , symbols , text , all moving digitally . Should we view social media as an expression of one 's identity ? We use terms like digital citizenship , online identity and branding , which all suggest that social media moves beyond simply communicating and into \" being . \" The problem here is that it is easier online to choose anonymity and to craft identity in ways that are much more difficult in person . In addition , social media force the individual to create separate accounts if he or she wants to compartmentalize . I am always a teacher at school . It is my identity . My speech changes when I am off the clock , outside of school . I see a real danger in the notion that employers ( especially if it is the government ) essentially \" owns \" a person at all times when he or she uses social media . When the speech is permanent ( as it is ) and the profile is static ( as it is ) , I do n't have the chance to switch roles and responsibilities . Disclaimer : I teach in a PBL school where every core class follows the PBL process . I am a firm believer in PBL as an excellent application of student - centered , constructivist learning . I believe that PBL is ONE effective way to teach and provides a clear structure for teachers to transition from a teacher - centered to student - centered classroom . I do NOT believe that it is the only way to effectively teach . In reading comments to John Spencer 's post about The Problem with PBL I felt like people have a bit of a narrow view of PBL . It felt like many define it as students engaged in a project , usually inquiry based . PBL at its heart and soul is a process that can include any teaching style in it including simulations , research , individual and group work , and yes even lecturing . So here is how lectures fit into the PBL model . On a recent project on WWII students were considering the driving question \" When is War Just ? \" They were required to present their findings to the class using the methods of their choice . I team teach with an ELA instructor and part of her requirements was that students submit a bibliography according to the MLA format . Students had done a very poor job of this on a previous project so we asked what we could do to make it better . She had already done whole class and small group , voluntary workshops ( PBL lingo for lectures ; I know the lingo is overkill , but do n't shoot the messenger ) . Most students had not followed the instructions . For this project we waited until the day before the project was due and required each group to send one member to the workshop on MLA format . This was very effective because students had their bibliographies \" completed \" but were able to see in the workshop any mistakes and fix them . This is how lectures are used in PBL- \" just in time . \" Instead of forcing a lecture on students who are uninterested , PBL encourages students to struggle and get stuck first . Then they can request a workshop on a topic that they need help on . Now they are ready to listen and get the help that they need . Frustration and struggle with a topic creates a need for the teacher lecture . Oftentimes attendance to a workshop is voluntary . Other times a teacher may require certain students to attend based on a formative assessment that shows weakness in a certain area . This allows the lecture to be focused on those students who need it when they need it . So for those readers who say that PBL is part of a holistic education and not the whole . I am curious what other techniques do you use in the classroom that you do not feel fall under the umbrella of the PBL process ? Every time I 've visited an educational conference , the big buzzword ( is an acronym a word ? ) is PBL . I have heard to definitions of the PBL acronym : Problem - based and Project - based ( or Product - based ) . I 'm not sure why it 's not PL , because of the hyphenation , but I wo n't ask . Either way , it is presented as a fix - all for education . I like the PBL framework . However , I see a subtle danger in pushing PBL as something that should be happening in every classroom with every student all the time . Most often , the reason behind this is that in \" the real world \" we learn through inquiry , problem - solving and projects . I do n't deny the validity of that argument . However , in the real world ( and in the magical world , too - folks still learn in Narnia ) , we learn in ways that go beyond the PBL approach . Take inquiry . Life does n't always begin with my own questions . Sometimes someone asks me a question and the motive is external . Sometimes epiphanies happen . Sometimes I learn through something that is not a question at all - just an observation or an explanation . Sometimes I start with an answer and then question it later , as I intuitively create something new . Sometimes life is n't a problem to be solved . There 's a place for nuance and paradox and the recognition that we do n't have all the answers . I ran into this a few years back when I had a Palestinian - Israeli Peace Process PBL . In the end , a student approached me and said , \" I read about fatalism and the history of that area . What if peace is n't possible ? What if there is n't a solution ? More importantly , what if it 's not our job , as Americans , to solve the problem ? \" We should have looked at the human element , at the conflict and the culture without treating it as a problem to be solved . In the real world , learning is n't always a product or a project . Sometimes it 's a conversation over a pint or a cognitive process in a time of distress . Sometimes it 's a Google search when something sparks my curiosity . Sometimes it 's a metaphor as I watch a baseball game . Or it 's a tweet . Or a hike . Or a profound way in which a song speaks to the human condition . I am not against PBL . I see it as a vital part of authentic learning . However , as amazing as it is , it still remains a part rather than the solution to a holistic education . It was n't long ago that language arts teacher Wheeler and his Lakewood City School District biology - teaching colleague Ken Kozar -- along with a class of eager 10th graders -- realized that certain questions were n't being asked online . And one question above all resonated with teacher and student alike : How did school do ? Of course , the education paradigm that we find ourselves in is based upon an opposite notion . A month or so ago , the team of teachers we work with came up with an interesting idea based on a post that Shelly Blake - Plock had written entitled , \" If School Is Not Relevant \" . \" Imagine if schools were judged not by how well students achieved while they were in school , but in how well they achieved once they left . In an age of massively networked communication and virtually unlimited access to information , it seems like our educational model should be exploring the tremendous potential our students have in regards to asking big questions of -- and to -- their world . Authentic audiences can be easily accessed , broadcasting is incredibly simple , and our mission as educators should include teaching our students to work in a world in which everyone is connected . But we did n't want to only imagine an education assessment model like that , we wanted to create one . What would we find out if we actually asked people to reflect on the relevance of education in their adult lives ? What questions could we begin to ask of a data pool like that ? Who could use that information and for what purposes ? What would it mean if we could begin to analyze this qualitative feedback and learn from it in the aggregate ? So we approached Shelly Blake - Plock and Andrew Coy with a suggestion that we team up and use social media to gather this feedback . What we came up with is the \" How Did School Do ? \" Project , and we 're hoping to learn from the feedback we get . . . Our students will watch the videos , study them , and begin to propose research topics based on patterns that will begin to emerge from your feedback . Students will then set out to explore their topic , engage in conversations about their topic , and ultimately report what they 've learned online . We 'd like to invite other classes to join us as well , and will do our best to support a network of students studying these reflections on school relevance . We also invite anyone else who 'd like to join us in learning from what your videos tell us . We hope it sparks many great conversations about what works in our schools . So please submit a video , share this with your friends and family , and help us to get a really big answer to a really big question ... . This one came up yesterday during # EdInnoMeetup -- a new quarterly gathering of edu thinkers in Baltimore : \" Is your school 's mission statement relevant to your students ' online communities of practice and social influence ? \" In my experience , school mission statements do a good job of telling us what influence the school will have over the student , but not vice - versa . Thoughts ? I have been giving a lot of password advice at work lately , & over the years I 've read several different ways to invent passwords . I think I have a pretty good system for creating them . Here it is : . Come up with a password that has absolutely no significance . I call this the \" root password . \" Use at least six characters . More is better . So is a variety of letters , numbers , & symbols . example : k5$3b4 2 . Memorize it . ( You can write it down somewhere without worrying about it . Read on . ) For whatever site you need a password for , take two characters from that site 's name and then add them to the root password . Use the same system for all sites . For example , you can use the first two letters of a site 's name . There are an infinite number of variations for this . You could use the first and last letters of a site 's name , second & third , capitalize them , add them to the end or in the middle of your password , or split them with a punctuation mark . This system has worked for me . My passwords are different for all sites & they are easy for me to remember . Two more bits of advice : If you use a mobile device make sure the characters you choose for your root password are easy to access . On my laptop the percent symbol , % , is just a shift key away , but on my iPad it takes three taps . It is still a good idea to change your password regularly . When you change your passwords simply vary your system or root password . Subscribe via RSS Reader . Teach Paperless : Now ! TeachPaperless began in February 2009 as a blog detailing the experiences of one teacher in a paperless classroom . It has grown to be something much more than that . In January 2011 , TeachPaperless became a collaboratively written blog dedicated to conversation and commentary about the intertwined worlds of digital technology , new media , and education . Learning at # TXeducamp in Denton , Texas - Today I had the opportunity to learn with a great group of innovative educators in Denton , Texas , at the first ( annual ? ) # TXeducamp . At most educational co .. Tech That Helps Me With Healthy Living - [ image : Tech That Helps Me With Healthy Living ] Living a healthy and active life takes a lot of extra work as a parent . But with the help of an arsenal of g .. Buzz Paperless . TeachPaperless was noted as a Twitterer worth ReTweeting by Education Week 's Digital Education blog . Also in Ed Week : \" Shelly Blake - Plock has had some really intriguing posts already this year and I 'm already behind . Considering he published 639 entries on his TeachPaperless blog in 2009 it 's going to be hard to keep up , but well worth the try . \" \" When I originally contacted Shelley last week to inquire as to whether or not he would be willing to talk to my staff , he jumped right in , and he did n't disappoint . What impressed me most about him as I listened to him describe his practice was his clear vision of what it meant for his students to function in a classroom that he designed : it was about them learning . He truly designed the environment with their learning - their unbridled learning - in mind . His decision was not a secretarial one , but rather came from a desire to push students to take control of information gathering , processing , and creating . \" - Chalkdust 101 . TeachPaperless was named one of the ' Top 25 Blogs for Educators ' by World Wide Learn . \" I think you have some great ideas for teachers , and as we do professional development around the state of Maryland , we will point teachers to your blog . \" Debbie Vickers of Thinkport.org a partnership between Maryland Public Television and Johns Hopkins University 's Center for Technology in Education . \" The invention of the computer promised to lead us to a paperless society but has failed to deliver on that promise ... until now , perhaps ? \" TeachPaperless was featured by Mid - continent Research for Education and Learning as an Everyday Innovation . Your friendly contributing bloggers ... . License and Disclaimer . And of course , everything on this blog is the personal opinion of the individual bloggers and does not reflect the opinions of of anyone else , including employers , in any way . But that should be obvious by now . Photo Credit : MJ Wojewodzki ; a portion of a painted wall in the Villa of the Mysteries , Pompeii [ 2006 ] "}
{"url": "http://www.balcanicaucaso.org/eng/Regions-and-countries/Slovenia/Why-Slovenia-took-to-the-streets-129042", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701163421.31/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193923-00261-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Archive for the ' Quran ' Category . I 'm at a friend 's cabin for the weekend . The same cabin I was at the day I made my very first post way back in July . Nostalgic ! Everyone else is out running errands , but I opted to stay behind and blog by the warmth of the fireplace . Not because my calves are killing me from the punishment I inflicted upon myself at the gym yesterday . No , sir . I stayed because I care . About the Quran . And writing about it . Yup . Nothing to do with my inability to walk . It 's Quran time . Wow . I got an email from a reader named Ray ( hi , Ray ! ) saying he 'd nominated me for a 2009 LadyBlogger awards at Culture 11 , which is run by religious conservative Bill Bennett . Yup . I 'm repping the atheists in the Best Religion Blog category . I 'd never heard of LadyBlogger or Culture 11 or Bill Bennett until just now , but it 's still pretty cool . If you feel like voting for me , you can do it here . If you do n't feel like doing it , that 's cool too , you lazy summabitch . No wait . It is n't . Vote for me . Whathefa ? Seriously ? Seriously ? ? Mo actually ordered people to drink camel piss ? News to me ! I looked up the verse to verify that this is actually what it says , and guess what ? The full hadith is waaaaay more fucked up than just a little urophagia . Narrated Abu Qilaba : . Anas said , \" Some people of ' Ukl or ' Uraina tribe came to Medina and its climate did not suit them . So the Prophet ordered them to go to the herd of ( Milch ) camels and to drink their milk and urine ( as a medicine ) . Mohammed ordered a tribe to drink a camel milk - n - pee smoothie to cure their aversion to dryness ? OK . I get that . According to Wikipedia , urine therapy was a form of alternative medicine in several ancient cultures . See ? Alternative medicine was just as silly and kooky then as it is now . People are advised against drinking urine because it might - besides just being plain old gross - give them a rash . Or , as in the case of the ' Ukl / ' Uraina tribe , it might cause .... urine madness . So they went as directed and after they became healthy , they killed the shepherd of the Prophet and drove away all the camels . The pee - drinkers turned into pee - zombies and killed a guy . Then they chased away the camels , which is dumb considering that 's where their \" medication \" is coming from . How did the good prophet react to all of this ? With vengeance , of course ! The news reached the Prophet early in the morning and he sent ( men ) in their pursuit and they were captured and brought at noon . He then ordered to cut their hands and feet ( and it was done ) , and their eyes were branded with heated pieces of iron , They were put in ' Al - Harra ' and when they asked for water , no water was given to them . \" Wow . Just wow . And in case you 're thinking maybe Mo was n't such a nice guy after all , the hadith ends with some good old fashioned enabling : . Abu Qilaba said , \" Those people committed theft and murder , became infidels after embracing Islam and fought against Allah and His Apostle . \" It 's never Mo 's fault when he has to torture and murder someone . It 's their fault . It 's always their fault . He 's great , you 're crap ! Anyway , here 's what seems more likely to me . Mo tells the tribe to drink the \" medicine \" and they believe him . They believe in him enough to drink warm camel milk ( desert , remember ? ) mixed with warm camel pee ( pee 's warm ) . This does nothing for their climate woes , and they realize just how full of shit Mo was . They got pissed ( no pun intended ) , killed the shepherd and chased away the camels in revenge . And you know the rest . And with that , I 'm off to make a pee - milkshake to cure my aching buttcheeks . I had one of those killer workouts yesterday that left everything from the waist down in agony . Hurts . So . Good ! Have a lovely Saturday and I 'll be back soon with more desert fun . Stay tuned ! Felicia Gilljam , who happens to be a beekeeper ( ! ) , tagged me for this meme that I filled out over my morning coffee . I have to take a second here to complain about how horrible the coffee at work is . Worst . Coffee . Ever . I 've had to sacrifice my morning coffee time at home so I can hit the gym and get all buff . So I wait till I get to work to have my first awful cup . The good news is that I 'm saving a fortune by drinking free coffee at work . And , because the work - coffee tastes like shoe , I tend to drink less of it . The bad news is I think endorphins might be my new coffee . Sweet lawsie mercy , I ca n't wait till tomorrow when I can have a cup at home . Anyway , meme time . Here are the rules : . Link to the person who tagged you . Post the rules on your blog . Write six random arbitrary things about yourself . Tag six people at the end of your post and link to them . Let each person know they 've been tagged and leave a comment on their blog . Let the tagger know when your entry is up . I keep my shoes in clear plastic shoe boxes I got from the Container Store . I have 20 boxes , and my rule is to never have more shoes than I can fit in the boxes . I stuff 3 pairs of flats into 1 box and pat myself on the back for finding a loophole . I got my cat from Craigslist . A hippie was moving to Alaska to live in a tent and grow organic food for himself . At the very last minute , he realized a tent was no place for a cat . He was 6 at the time . The cat , not the hippie . I am an awesome baker . Cookies , cakes , pies , brownies , damn near anything . From scratch . But ... . ... I do n't eat sugar . I just really enjoy the process of baking . You 'd think KafirBoy would weigh 300 lbs the way I shove cookies down his gullet . I live in NYC . Yup . I 'm outing myself . I still feel anonymous , though , since there are a bajillion brown folk in the city . Booyah ! I 'm going to go all rebellious middle child on ya'll and break the last 3 rules . I 'm not tagging specific people . I 'm tagging everyone . Share 6 random things about yourself . Gimmie something to read when I get bored and antsy at 3:00 . It 's Friday , after all . Annnnnd go ! I 've re - read chapter 16 , but have n't really had the time to write anything about it . Alas , I 'll just have to update you on how life is going . I followed through with my new year 's resolution to join a gym . I 've gone every day this week for a 30 minute morning workout . Still getting used to the whole being - naked - in - front - of - strangers / locker room thing . I would be the worst stripper ever . Seriously , if you ever needed to be reminded of how puritanical Americans are , the locker room 's the place to do it . A friend of mine shared her experiences in a Paris gym lock room - naked women hanging out , having conversations , showing one another dance moves they 'd picked up in class . Yeeeeeeah . I need to be woman enough to do that . Speaking of ye olde flesh , I 've got the itch again . No , not that kind of itch . Gross . I 've got the itch to get another tattoo . And I 've already come up with the idea for it . A couple of years ago , my mother and I were watching some nature show . They did a segment on peacocks mating - the males all feathered up and strutting , colors everywhere . My mom watched in awe and then sighed , \" God truly does favor the men , does n't he ? \" In case you did n't know , peahens do n't have the colors or the tail . Everybody 's always oohing and aahing about peacocks , and I doubt most people even know what a peahen looks like . Anyway , what my mom said got under my skin . It pissed me off and made me sad at the same time . It 's one of those things that bothered me - probably a lot more than it should have , but whaddyagonnado ? I argued with my mom for a while and finally convinced her that the stupid tail makes the peacock stick out and thus more likely to be killed and eaten . Viva la peahen . For whatever reason , when I think feminism , I think peahens . ( Do n't ask me - I 'm not sure how my brain works either . ) And it kinda bothers me a little when I see girls with peacock tattoos ( pretty common , Google that shit ) . I 'm not sure what keyword triggered this , but Google gave me this yesterday : Female Peacocks Not Impressed by Male Feathers . Pssh . Go , girls ! That got the old noggin whirring , and a decision was made : for my next double - middle - finger to the \" good \" lord , I 'm getting a peahen inked on me . I told a friend about my plan and she had this to say : \" It 's like telling society , ' up your nose with a rubber hose . ' \" My friends are weird . Like I said in the last post , there is n't much excitement in chapter 15 . It 's mostly just a regurgitation of the same boring old bullshit . The story I 'll break down in this post has come up a few times already . I thought it was worth examining in detail , because - come on ! - it 's about the devil . He may well be the only interesting character in the Quran . And , as I learned in this chapter , he may not be such a bad guy after all . If he actually existed , I might feel kinda sorry for the guy . Shit , I might even invite him over for a beer & ice cream pity party . We probably have a lot in common ; hating God and all . . .. OK , fine I 'm not really dying . But I do feel like shit . I have the flu . I got it when I was telling a sick co - worker of mine to feel better , and she coughed in my face mid - sentence . No joke . I had my mouth open and everything , and she coughed in my fucking face . She did n't cover her mouth . She did n't turn her head . I 'm getting all queasy just thinking about it . I 'm taking a couple of sick days and using them to blog from my couch . Whoo ! Something to not Whoo ! about : apparently I 've already read chapters 15 - 18 . I read them way back before my work life took over my life life . I made a ton of notes in the margins and everything . The sad part is that I do n't remember any of this , and I have to sit through those same fucking chapters all over again . Boo ! Hiss ! I guess that 's what I get for procrastinating . ... still . Boo ! Hiss ! ! Lets get chapter 15 over and done with so we never have to think about it ever again . OK ? OK ! Jump on in . "}
{"url": "http://www.chocolatesuze.com/2012/12/18/street-sliders-parramatta/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701157012.30/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193917-00003-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Posted 06:00:00 PM Filed under Personal System Author : Mike Werner Location : Travelling . I guess it was bound to happen . Many people think it 's just a question of putting in a few words and photos online , pay your hosting company 10 dollars per month , and you 're in business making big bucks . And when my traffic suddenly , and unexplained , dropped 80 - 90 % and what was left was a few readers who were blocking the ads , it has become a financial nightmare . When I was running 6 digits per month in readers a few years ago , it has dropped to a lowly 20,000 pages served per day , and in consequence my income from the site dropped to a few dollars a day . Luckily I have revenue coming from writing for other sites and newspapers / magazines , but my main site has become a black financial hole . Then all those idiots sites that think they are cool by taking my articles , often after I have spent hours if not days researching , and posting it like it was their work , and not bother linking back to my site as source . Believe me if I tell you there are 100 's of these sites . Just look at any site if they put \" Via : \" \" Source : \" or \" Credit : \" on their site . If they do n't , forget about them . So instead of pouring more money into a sinking ship , plus my heart is no longer in it , I decided to pull the plug . In those 16 years I have met many wonderful colleagues , even become good friends with them . I 'll miss the camaraderie which you find at the big events , but I 'll not miss the idiots who think they do n't need to play the internet game , that the rules & ethics do n't apply to them . The news.motorbiker.org site will continue to run until it runs out of money and the hosting company throws me out . At least the archives for the time being will remain searchable via search engines . What 's next ? It 's not like I 'm going to retire . I 'll continue to write for other sites and magazines and newspapers ( I do write non - motorcycle stuff ) - so if you 're looking for a hard working journo , contact me . But I have also embarked on a different adventure .... I 've started a new site called TravelFrance . Tips ( it 's not ready yet , but will be shortly ) . The site is going to be a site about France , all the things to see in this big country . France is not just Paris , it 's much , much more than that . Already I have some 70,000 photos on my personal archives of things to see and do in France , so I 'll be doing that over the next few years . In contrast with my motorcycle site , this is something that I will be running on Wordpress software , so no administration or technical involvement for me . Just content . So if you 're interested in France , bookmark the site and come back to it in a few weeks when it 's up & running . So ... I hope you have enjoyed my 16 years of motorcycle news & entertainment as much as I have enjoyed making it . Do come and see me on my new site , and maybe one of these days you 'll be seeing me somewhere on my motorcycle . Sayanora , good luck , and keep the rubber side down . And let me know what you think about my new site . Last year I told you about a crowd - funding product on IndieGoGo that comes out of Malaysia ( link ) . Called Fobo , it 's a smart Tire Pressure Monitoring System ( TPMS ) for motorcycles that uses a smartphone as display . 1 - The two sensors 2 - Two wrenches 3 - 4 lock nuts ( anti theft ) 4 - A key chain . The sensors are what you install on the valves of your tires . The wrenches and lock nuts are to be used to protect your sensors in case some idiot decides to steal them . But even if they manage to steal them , they are useless to them , since the sensors get electronically linked to your email address via the smartphone app . It can not be reused by anyone unless your smartphone \" unlinks \" the sensors . So I took the lazy way , and did not install the anti - theft nuts . The sensors are IP57 water proof and only weigh 10 grams each . Installation takes a few minutes and can be done by someone like me , who has two left hands and sucks at anything mechanical . You can configure up to 9 motorcycles ( 19 wheels in total ) equipped with Fobo sensors ( which means Jay Leno has got a problem if he wants this ) . You can also authorize up to 100 smartphones to use the sensors . The battery , CR2032 type , last about 2 years , and they even supplied an extra set . - First you need to get the free app on either the Android store or the Apple store . The app will ask you for your email address . Once entered , you receive an email with an activation link . Click on the link , and your email address becomes the owner of the sensors you are about the install . Simple . - In the app , you can specify measurement units ( \u00b0 C or \u00b0 F for temperature , and the pressure units : PSI , Bar , kPa , kgf / cm2 ) . You also specify the vehicle type ; motorcycle / scooter , trike , quad , sidecar . The appropriate image appears . - Now you specify the minimum , recommended and maximum pressure for each tire . The app uses sliders to get the right one , but if you slide just the recommended pressure slider , the minimum and maximum are adjusted automatically . - The app will ask you to install the sensors . - Remove the current valve cap from your tire ( if it 's still on ) . - Put the sensor on the front tire . - Tap the sensor with your smartphone . - Press OK . - Done . - Repeat for the rear tire . The sensor shows you within seconds the current tire pressure . NOTE : After the first few meters I heard and felt a tapping noise at the front . I had installed the sensors on my BMW C - Evolution electric scooter , and the valve sensor came across the brakes hitting it . So you need to be sure there is sufficient clearance for the valve sensor to be able to turn . I have had to remove it , and had to go to a tire shop for a smaller T - valve . First of all , the sensors are very accurate . I have a high end compressor with pressure gauge and it showed my tires at the right pressure . However , the Fobo unit told me it was under - inflated . I then used 3 other gauges , one a professional unit from the motorcycle mechanic , and the Fobo unit was proven to be spot on . The Fobo is easy to use . Load your Fobo app and within seconds you can see the tire pressure , even if your bike is in the garage and has n't be riding for months . The sensors communicate using Bluetooth 4 which give you a good 10 meters range . So with my garage built against my house , I can monitor the tire pressure sitting in my sofa . I also have an Apple Watch . And guess what ? ? Boy was I surprised when I got the low pressure warning on my watch . It started vibrating and sounding an alarm . A quick look and you could see that I had a pressure problem . ... handy . Price : US$ 99 ( black or gray color , and you can get optional \" funny \" covers ) . The product also exists for cars , trucks , bicycles , trailers and they even have a tracking button in case you frequently lose gear , and some have special monitoring units . Most people go to a Formula One race by car . After all , it 's a car race . But here is one guy who showed up at the Monza F1 race last weekend on a motorcycle . After that he got into a F1 car and won the race .... Lewis Hamilton is the man ! We 're heading for the final stretch for winter ; September is here , bringing rain and few rays of sunshine . But for sure , summer is just a distant memory . Tie to curl up and start reading more interesting motorcycle articles . Here are a few from last week that you may have missed . Aprons on scooters and motorcycles are a mater of fact in Europe , especially during the winter , but even in the summer . So it 's no surprise to see Tucano Urbano released a special apron for the recent and very popular Honda Forza 125 scooter . More violence done towards innocent motorcycles and scooters . More oil and brake fluid spilled . Mangled frames , burned engines .... what a terrible people there are in this world . This is our 11th look at the violence people do against poor innocent motorcycles . Using a GoPro video camera on your motorcycle is great , giving you some memorable video footage , but often the images are shaking . Buying a gimbal is expensive and bulky . So here is a great and affordable solution to stop camera shaking : the SLICK . Here is a prime example , in the form of a video , why some people should n't be allowed to have children .... doing a burn at an event , doing it for way too long , so long the motorcycle catches fire , and then try to extinguish the bike by BLOWING ON IT ! A new revolutionary motorcycle gear is coming . On Kickstarter there is a leather jacket that is thinner and much stronger than Kevlar . A project initiated by Thesis Labs , the jacket looks cool , strong and ..... very very expensive . You ca n't stop progress . The French authorities are now studying a new way of making more money out of road users . They want the automated speed and red light radars to cross - check a new insurance database . Checking this new database will allow the cops to see if your motorcycle ( or car ) has been properly insured . If not , they can fine you . Which is what this is all about of course . The fine for riding without a valid insurance is ... gasp ... \u20ac 3750 and the forfeit of your vehicle and driving license ( this is the maximum fine ) . The authorities are now asking all the insurance companies to look at feeding a common database that will contain all the vehicle insurance data allowing the cops to find out your insurance situation automatically . Next step : find out what race and religion you have and which political party you are a member of ? Motorcycle gear , particularly leather jackets are great at protecting your fragile body from road rash and impacts . The leather will hold you together while you plummet over the road , preventing the asphalt from tearing your hide away from your bones . And on top of that , it just looks cool . But motorcycle leathers have a drawback . They are thick and rigid , not like the \" motorcycle jackets \" you see in fashion shows . Thesis Labs is hoping to change that . They have designed a revolutionary new motorcycle jacket that protects you as good , even better , than normal gear , but on top of it , they are lighter and much more suppler . How ? They are using different material , like kangaroo leather with an average thickness of 1.3 mm and a total weight of 2.4 kg ( 5.3 lbs ) . The jacket is well ventilated , so cool when riding in the summer . But inside the jacket , behind the leather is a bullet resistant material called Vectran . The same material is used by NASA for their spacesuits . This material is 3 to 5 times stronger than Kevlar . So there you go . The future in motorcycle clothing . The project is currently at the crowd - funding site Kickstarter looking for funding . A few days are left , but they are quite far from the desired goal . Disclaimer : All data and information provided on this site is for informational purposes only . All information is provided on an as - is basis . "}
{"url": "https://fabfree.wordpress.com/category/formalwear/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701151880.99/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193911-00022-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Relatives of the 73 people killed in the bombing of Cubana Airlines Flight 455 demand justice . ( Photo : EFE ) . On a balmy October afternoon in 1976 , a DC-8 commercial jetliner carrying 73 passengers , many of them teenagers who had just won gold medals in fencing at the Central American and Caribbean Championships , took off from Barbados bound for Jamaica . But flight 455 never made it to its destination . Before arriving in Barbados , the plane briefly stopped in nearby Trinidad and Tobago . There , Hern\u00e1n Ricardo and Freddy Lugo planted two bombs , cleverly hidden inside of a camera and a tube of toothpaste , aboard the plane . Ricardo and Lugo disembarked in Barbados , left their checked luggage on flight 455 and flew back to Trinidad and Tobago . Shortly after takeoff , the bombs detonated , tearing the plane into two pieces and sending it plunging into the sea . There were no survivors . Following the bombing , Ricardo phoned a man named Orlando Bosch and reported that \" a bus with 73 dogs went off a cliff and all got killed . \" Hern\u00e1n Ricardo and Freddy Lugo , former Venezuelan agents , were arrested in Trinidad and Tobago . They confessed to the bombing and fingered two Cubans , Orlando Bosch and former CIA agent Luis Posada Carriles , as the masterminds behind the terror attack . Declassified CIA documents report Posada stating that \" we are going to blow up a Cuban airliner ... Orlando has the details . \" All four men were jailed in Venezuela but Bosch and Posada managed to escape justice ; literally so in the case of Posada , who fled from prison while awaiting trial for his role in the airliner bombing . Where did these two terrorists eventually end up ? Right here in the United States . But they were n't here to face trial for orchestrating the attack that killed 73 innocent people . Incredibly , Bosch and Posada were welcomed as heroes upon entering the United States . President George H.W. Bush even granted Bosch political asylum . Orlando Bosch and Luis Posada Carriles are both Cuban exiles who fled their homeland following Fidel Castro 's rise to power . Their fierce opposition to Castro and communism has endeared them to both the Cuban exile community , mostly in south Florida , and to successive administrations in Washington over the past half century . The civilian airliner they blew up happened to belong to Cubana Airlines ; flight 455 's final destination was Havana . The fact that 73 innocent people died was of no importance to Washington because the victims were America 's \" enemies . \" Bosch lived freely in the United States until his death in 2011 ; Posada is an icon in his South Florida community . He successfully beat immigration charges for illegally entering the country , but the unrepentant terrorist need not worry about facing justice for his role in what was the worst act of air terrorism in the Western Hemisphere until one Tuesday morning in September of 2001 . The bombing of Cubana Flight 455 was but one of many atrocities committed by US - backed anti - Castro Cuban exiles during a decades - long war of terror waged with the goal of ousting Fidel Castro from power and replacing him with a US - friendly dictator . Beginning in 1959 , US - based aircraft began bombing runs over Cuban sugar plantations , killing innocent civilians and causing widespread property damage . Declassified documents reveal how the CIA conspired with Chicago mafia boss Momo Salvatore , Al Capone 's successor , to assassinate Castro . After his election , President John F. Kennedy wanted to unleash \" the terrors of the earth \" upon Castro 's Cuba . In 1961 , a group of US - armed , CIA - trained Cuban exiles launched the ill - fated Bay of Pigs invasion . Among the planners of the doomed attack was Luis Posada Carriles . In the wake of the Bay of Pigs fiasco , top Pentagon brass devised Operation Northwoods , a top secret plan to carry out ' false - flag ' terror attacks against US cities , troops and Cuban refugees and blame them on Castro . Northwoods was rejected , but US aggression against Cuba continued unabated . During Operation Mongoose , the CIA and Cuban exile terrorists tried to kill Castro dozens of times . Among the madcap methods attempted were poison pens , exploding cigars and seashells , a toxic wetsuit , poison pills and a femme fatale lover / assassin . In addition to trying to kill Castro , US - backed terrorism targeted innocent Cuban civilians and animals . There were strafing attacks on seaside villages and hotels . There was CIA contamination of Cuban sugar supplies and a US military intelligence mission to infect Cuban livestock with a fatal virus . A factory was bombed , resulting in the deaths of 400 workers . The Kennedy administration was \" operating a damned Murder Inc. in the Caribbean , \" President Lyndon B. Johnson infamously admitted shortly after taking office . The perpetrators of these terrorist attacks enjoyed full immunity from prosecution in the United States , for it was the CIA and US military that were training , arming and funding many of them . Militant anti - Castro exile groups operated openly in south Florida , setting up training camps in the Everglades where they planned terrorist attacks against Cuba with the full knowledge , blessing and instruction of the United States government , military and intelligence services . Luis Posada Carriles once boasted that \" the CIA taught us everything - everything . They taught us explosives , how to kill , bomb ; trained us in sabotage . \" In 1963 , anti - Castro exiles fired a bazooka rocket launcher at the United Nations headquarters in New York while Che Guevara was speaking inside . The CIA unleashed an epidemic of African swine fever on the island in 1971 , a bioterrorism attack that resulted in the slaughter of half a million pigs . That same year , a Florida - based motorboat strafed a Cuban fishing village killing two men and wounding four people , including two little girls . Throughout the 1970s , a wave of more than 100 terror bombings and assassinations carried out by anti - Castro exiles on US soil , mainly in South Florida , led the FBI to dub Miami the \" terrorist capital \" of the United States . In 1976 , terrorists led by Cubana Flight 455 masterminds Posada and Bosch planned the car bombing assassination of former Chilean official Orlando Letelier and his newlywed American aide Ronni Moffitt in Washington DC . A few months later , Cubana 455 was bombed . Luis Posada Carriles was tried and acquitted by a US - friendly military court in Venezuelan court for his role in the bombing of Cubana Flight 455 , but his acquittal was overturned and he was ordered to stand trial in a civilian court . He did n't stick around for that and bribed his way out of prison . He spent a good part of the 1980s working for the CIA in an illegal gun - running operation to supply the Nicaraguan Contra terrorists , for which he was paid $ 3,000 a month by an aide to disgraced Iran - Contra figure Oliver North . Orlando Bosch was also imprisoned in Venezuela over Flight 455 , but Reagan administration officials fought for his freedom even though the Justice Department openly admitted they believed he participated in the Cubana 455 bombing . Bosch and Posada were hailed as heroes in Miami . The city even celebrated ' Orlando Bosch Day ' in honor of the unrepentant terrorist who once said that killing innocent civilians was unavoidable . Cheering crowds greeted the men when they returned stateside . Bosch was arrested on a parole violation but released after six months when Miami Cubans pressed future governor Jeb Bush , then a budding politician , to get his father , the President of the United States , to intervene on the terrorist 's behalf . This , despite the fact that the US government knew all about his role in the bombing of Flight 455 and other terrorist attacks . When Bosch applied for political asylum in the United States , Attorney General Joe Whitley protested , describing him as \" a terrorist unfettered by laws or human decency , threatening and inflicting violence without regard to the identity of his victims . \" But Bosch had powerful friends including a pair of Florida Republicans in Congress , Sen. Connie Mack and Rep. Ileana Ros - Lehtinen , who lobbied President George H.W. Bush - who was CIA director and oversaw the consolidation of Cuban terror groups at the time of the Cubana Airlines bombing . Bush responded by securing the release and US residency for Bosch , a man the FBI called the Western hemisphere 's \" most dangerous terrorist . \" As for Posada , he was behind a string of hotel bombings in Cuba that injured many tourists and killed one Italian man . Posada bragged that he \" slept like a baby \" despite the deadly results of the bombing campaign . \" That Italian was in the wrong place at the wrong time , \" he said . Posada was also responsible for over 40 bombings in Honduras in the 1990s . When he sought asylum in the United States in 2005 , Posada was arrested for illegally entering the country . Despite the fact that the US Justice Department called him \" an unrepentant criminal and admitted mastermind of terrorist plots and attacks on tourist sites , \" a federal judge recommended that Posada be set free on September 11 , 2006 . And incredibly , he was . He stood trial - and was acquitted -on immigration charges in 2011 . Imagine Washington 's reaction if Osama bin Laden had been arrested in Pakistan and tried only for being in the country illegally ? And therein lies the blatant hypocrisy in America 's pursuit of terrorists . Compare Posada 's fate to that of Jos\u00e9 Padilla , a US citizen prosecuted by the Bush administration on dubious terror charges after being held without trial for three - and - a - half years , much of it in maddening solitary confinement , as an enemy combatant . Originally accused of trying to plant a radioactive \" dirty bomb \" in an American city , the government had absolutely no evidence to back up this claim . But a civilian court in Miami - the very same city from which Posada , Orlando Bosch and other anti - Castro Cubans plotted and executed countless terror attacks and live as heroes - found Padilla guilty of lesser conspiracy charges and sentenced him to 17 years behind bars . Until his death , Orlando Bosch insisted that the victims of the Cubana Airlines bombing all got what they deserved . In his eyes , they were all \" henchmen , \" even the women and children . Roseanne Nenninger Persaud of Guyana , whose 19 year - old brother Raymond was one of the \" henchmen \" killed aboard Flight 455 , said Posada and Bosch ought to be \" treated like bin Laden . \" \" If this were a plane full of Americans , it would have been a different story , \" Nenninger told the New York Times . Indeed , Americans were outraged when Abdel al - Megrahi was prematurely released from a British prison in 2009 for health reasons despite being sentenced to life for the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland . That act of terror claimed 270 lives , most of them American . Al - Megrahi returned to Tripoli where he was greeted by a jubilant crowd . President Obama was incensed . \" The interests of justice have not been served by this decision , \" fumed Attorney General Eric Holder , who added that \" there is simply no justification for releasing this convicted terrorist whose actions took the lives of 270 individuals . \" If that is so , then why are the terrorists behind the bombing of Cubana flight 455 living out the remainder of their lives as free men in Florida ? Were the innocent victims killed on flight 455 any different from those killed at Lockerbie ? Of course not . But , as renowned thinker Noam Chomsky wrote : \" ' Their ' terror against us and our clients is the ultimate evil , while our terror against ' them ' does not exist - or if it does , it is entirely appropriate . \" But as President George W. Bush declared in the wake of 9/11 , \" if you harbor terrorists , you are a terrorist . \" Archives . "}
{"url": "http://farzana-versey.blogspot.com/2009/12/excuse-me-mr-president.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701158130.6/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193918-00253-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Post navigation . The good , the bad and the Twitter . I have long had an ambivalent relationship with Twitter - I can write that because I joined it on day 1 of its existence , but did not use my account for a year or two because I did not see the point . Two things happened : Twitter began to attract more people / accounts of interest to me ; and applications such as Thwirl and Tweetdeck were developed that made it nice to use instead of constantly crashing and being clunky . But using Twitter regularly bought up another problem that I am always experiencing on the Internet - dual work / non - work personae . So I deleted my account . Some time later , owing to a request from my employer , I invented two new accounts . In one I tweet in one of my work roles ; in the other I tweet as myself ( @Petrona _ ) - which is the account you can follow and read as a mini - blog on the right here . ( I was n't asked to tweet as myself by my employer ! But I took advantage of setting up the work account to also set up a ' home ' one . ) ( The learning process never ends . I have recently \" unfollowed \" two accounts and my Twitter experience is immeasurably more relaxed and less irritating as a result ) . And this is why I decided to write this post ( rant ? ) about my own Twitter likes and dislikes . I find that the only way Twitter is bearable or even pleasant is to be ruthless about filtering ! So here is what I like / dislike , and hence who I follow / unfollow . - I like a neat , personalised summary tweet ( with a link to a full article if tweeting about an article ) - not a link with no information about what it is or why it is of interest . - I like tweets about something your readers might be interested in - not a stream of consciousness of each minute of your day . I do n't want to read about your every cup of tea , etc , however much I may like you otherwise . - I do n't like very frequent tweeting ( I prefer reading someone 's ten tweets a day to reading a hundred ) . - Promoting yourself is fine if done in moderation , especially if you are funny about it ; constant self promotion is boring . - Promoting your product is fine - if done in moderation and not exclusively , and your affiliation openly stated . - I like humour and jokes , but not frequent swearing and use of obscenities . - Tweeting the same post two or three times to catch different time zones is fine , constant repeats are not . - If you join in \" me too \" waves of Twitter - hate against a person / organisation , or other momentary hysteria , I 'm unfollowing you however justified your cause . - If you are tweeting on behalf of an employer or organisation , I like it if you inject a bit of personality and do n't come over as too \" party line \" . - Tweeting about events you 've attended in a way that excludes followers reads like boasting , I prefer either not to know or to know something that shares the experience . - If you want to moan about your hard life , fine , but not too often and vary your complaints with other material - it 's tough for everyone ! - I do n't like \" follow Fridays \" and other clogging - up activities ( eg 20 simultaneous tweets about the page you are on on 20 different books , via GoodReads wonky RSS export ! ) I have never yet clicked on a link in someone 's FF list and I do n't know why I 'd want to read a tweet about what page of a book someone is on . - I quite like it when someone decides to do a live - tweet of an event and warns followers in advance so that one can temporarily unfollow until the hashtag - fest is over ! Twittering is like a conversation as many have said - it is a two - way street . So the twitterers I like best are those who behave like human beings - who vary their links to their blogs or books they are publishing ( say ) with other material , and who interact rather than broadcast . Take all the above with a pinch of salt , though , it 's just my view and I 'm probably not a typical Twitter user . Each to his / her own . Lots of people write books , Storifys and all kinds of things about Twitter of course and this post is but a minidrop in the ocean . However , it is worth drawing attention to Nicola Morgan 's blog and associated upcoming e - book Tweet Right - aimed at authors but I am sure will apply to anyone . I 've recently been given a smartphone but it is too smart . I have n't been able to work out how to use it as a phone , but it automatically has merged everyone I 've ever interacted with on email and every social media site out there and gives me all their updates , \" likes \" , etc .. aargh ! - and I am definitely not \" smart \" enough to find the delete option - yet . ] 22 thoughts on \" The good , the bad and the Twitter \" . I 'm very , very late in coming to Twitter . I said for years that I would not join in on all the social networking sites , though I do like blogging . I did give over not too long ago and join Twitter and am still learning the etiquette - so to speak ( so it 's helpful to read your post ) . I try and use it judiciously - though I am probably not really using it as effectively as I could . A little is fine or something interesting or unusual is what I like about Twitter , but for me a little goes a long way . I do n't always log in every day . Technology can be really great and open new vistas , but being so constantly tuned in seems a little exhausting to me . I work in a university and see how the students are constantly connected and realize there really is a generational divide - though I do n't feel all that old . I think I appreciate my solitude and privacy ( not that there is much of that online ) a little too much to jump in wholeheartedly , but I do n't mind using it as a tool ! Interesting post - thanks . i agree , Danielle , that \" constantly retweeted news source \" is very annoying , especially when some poor person has died and so many people and publications tweet it . But Twitter is fun if tailored to fit;- ) . Maxine - Thanks for your thoughtful , helpful and spot - on comments about Twitter . I could make a long commentary about how much I agree with each of your likes and dislikes , but trust me , my comment would go on interminably . So suffice it to say that I agree 100 % with many of your points . I would say another thing that makes me decide to follow or not follow someone on Twitter is that I do n't care for personal \" wars of words \" on Twitter . We all have our disagreements , but in my opinion , there 's no need to get personal on Twitter . Another general problem with twitter / facebook et al is that often settings are such that everything you write is broadcast simultanously to all , and one has to actively over - ride this in one 's profile settings to stop it , not someone many people bother to do , reasonably enough . These internet sites should make more use of opt - in rather than opt - out I think . A danger with twitter , I think , is that there is a tendency for people to forget that their tweet has the potential to reach everyone , not just the people that follow them ( unless protected , I guess - although that is not watertight ) . I have often seen tweets from people that are obviously ' meant ' for just their followers , sometimes insulting others , or stridently putting forward some questionable point of view . It is not a closed room . Sometimes I think people forget that . That 's so true , Clare ! Great post and interesting . I 'm Twitter / Facebook - challenged and quite content to stay that way . Agreed , Kathy , to quote a very eminent news editor I know , there is no news that ca n't wait until next day 's newspaper when it can be read and assimilated properly . I definitely do n't like multi - twitter ( or blog ) posts about exactly the same news - this is one area where the mainstream media do much better than amateurs ! As usual you have summed up my thoughts quite nicely , thanks . With my personal account I admit I go through phases of not bothering too much with it , though I have occasionally found interesting things out there is a pretty high noise to substance ratio . I have gotten very brutal though about who I follow and am quick to unfollow if someone is auto tweeting only or otherwise annoying me . I generally avoid twitter entirely on American Fridays when the FF tweets clog everything up too , I do n't see the point . I too have learnt to avoid Twitter on Fridays ! I do think that some multiple - times tweeting is inadvertent , but it 's sometimes hard to tell someone without coming over as grumpy ( which I admit I usually am anyway ! ) I hate the # ff tweets and the good reads tweets but agree with a lot of what you say Maxine and understand completely why you do n't follow me on there . I do n't take it personally as I know how I am on and I joined only to converse with other readers I 've known for years and to engage with new people to discuss books and life in general . I have a love / hate relationship with Twitter and was just finishing up my own like / dislike post . I 'll wait to post mine a little later I think but excellent post even if I am guilty of a few of those things . Ha . I am thinking / working my way towards deleting my account though . It is n't as fun as it used to be for me . Thanks , Maxine . Always very interesting to read people 's thoughts on Twitter . I spent quite a lot of time worrying in the early days about my tweets - their content , tone and how potentially annoying they might be - but eventually decided just to tweet what I fancied . My followers are very diverse ( reflecting different bits of my world and interests ) and it would be impossible to please all of them all of the time . I always try to be understanding if someone unfollows me :) . Maxine , I am definitely not smart enough , or young enough , for a smart phone . This syncing and merging business is quite frightening , especially if you go abroad to a country with high charges for data transfer and your smartphone starts downloading hundreds of emails . But of course you and everybody else has the right to unfollow anyone ( including me ) , and I really don\u00b4t get the fuss about it . You can not stay loyal to a horde of \u00b4 friends \u00b4 just because you happened to click on that follow button before you really knew who they were and what they had to offer . I agree that if one is oneself , that is best , Dorte . I can not continue to follow someone who tweets 300 times a day because then I miss the ( better ! ) tweets from those who tweet 1 - 10 times . Signal to noise ratios , that 's the key . I think some of the comments people have made in the discussion are probably a lot more useful than my post , Martin ! Hope you enjoy Twitter if you decide to take the plunge - it is much better than Facebook in my opinion ( if used with filtering that suits you ) . I essentially use Twitter as a \" mini blog \" to draw attention to interesting book reviews and articles , but other people use it for different reasons , which is fine - live - tweeting events is very popular via the hashtag system . "}
{"url": "http://news.motorbiker.org/blogs.nsf/dx/the-netherlands-motorcycle-magazines-downward-spiral.htm", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701151880.99/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193911-00347-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Letters . The New Internationalist welcomes your letters . But please keep them short . They may be edited for purposes of space or clarity . Include a home telephone number if possible and send your letters to the nearest editorial office or e - mail to : [ email protected ] . Fresh air Your terrorism issue was a breath of fresh air , especially in a world where the term has become part of the arsenal of cold war conflict . The Western media have done precious little creative thinking on the whole topic of political violence . It is about time someone recognised that systematic state terror is at least as intolerable as the isolated acts of would - be revolutionaries . Craig Heron York University Toronto , Canada . DUCK resistance I think Alan Long has overemphasised the significance of the slaughterhouse in his article on our meat - eating habits ( NI 160 ) , although having worked in one I admit it 's pretty grisly . Whether an animal is stunned , shot in the head or electrocuted before it has its throat cut is surely not important - the animal is going to die anyway . What is more important is how it lives for the months or years before its final journey . People who care about this should stick to eating sheep and ducks , which have so far resisted the effort to adapt them to battery farming , and avoid eggs , chicken and pork . Harry Chandler Powys , Wales , UK . Vegetarian Eve The Food article in NI 160 seems to perpetuate the error that Adam and Eve - and by implication we - were given the right to use the animal kingdom for their own ends . There are , no doubt , some parts of the Hebrew scriptures that may be quoted in support of eating animal flesh but not even the most carnivorous Biblical literalist would claim support from Adam and Eve ! It is only too clear that the food given to humankind in Genesis 1 and2 is ' every plant yielding seed ' and ' every tree with seed in its fruit ' . Far from being offered as meat , animals are presented as the companions of humanity . The vegetarian case may be stronger than we commonly realise in the scripture and traditions of Jewish and Christian people . Rev Brian Yellowley Barnsley , UK . Absent friends Your issue on South Africa ( NI 159 ) contained much valuable information and a wide spectrum of views , but surprisingly does not have a contribution from the African National Congress ( ANC ) . This is all the more remarkable bearing in mind that you credit the ANC with having ' enormous black popular support ' . To fail to include a statement by the main black organisation is a bit like doing an analysis of the opposition to the Conservative Government in the UK which includes the Social Democrats but ignores the Labour Party . R Blundell Southport , UK . Editor Chris Brazier replies : Our idea was to hand over the issue to the liberation movement inside the country - to the unknown black activists whose voices we never usually hear . The ANC is banned and exiled and so could not be involved in putting the magazine together on the ground in Johannesburg and Soweto . But many of the contributors to the issue support the ANC . The NI supports it too - as it does the rest of the movement working for radical change in South Africa . The careless sex Your issue on sex really opened my eyes . Can it really be that so many of my fellow - sex are so careless of their partners ? And in doing so are so irresponsible toward themselves ? There is much to be done in opening our eyes to our own assumptions , blind spots and weaknesses , and above all prejudices . Such a process of eye - opening , even if it does not start a revolution toward responsibility , must be an essential lubricant for the forces of peaceful change . David Perry Woking , UK . Drowning in perversions If the editor of NI 158 can conclude that ' the so - called sexual revolution of the Sixties and Seventies did so little to increase sexual pleasure ' what is the point of resigning ourselves to more of the same ? Is n't it hopeless cynicism to anticipate another revolution which ' will probably involve immersing ourselves in every kind of perversion ' ? Reading the rest of the issue we get the sick feeling that we are already drowning in perversions - rape , sexploitation , porn , homosexuality , promiscuity , child abuse etc . To offer more of the same is as ludicrous as to offer alcohol to cure an alcoholic . Paradise lost Let me tell you a little bit about my foreskin , which was a casualty of the chopping block when I was but an infant . I did n't know that my parents had organised this bit of surgery in order to desensitise me until I read NI 158 . Somehow for the past 25 years I have managed to enjoy myself sexually , but now I will always wonder what my sexual life could have been without this ' mutilation ' . I can only hope that some of your younger readers will not suffer too many emotional ill - effects under the spectre of knowledge of their like mutilation . For me it is already too late . For them the results could be damaging . Gordon Thompson London , Canada . Rape joke Did you print the letter Rape of men ( NI 160 ) as a joke , or in an attempt to present a cross - section of views ? What about George Lewis and a few of his brothers having the courage of their angry convictions and rejecting the roles that patriarchy ( i.e. male - dominated value - systems ) imposes on them ? I thought readers of an enlightened journal such as yours had begun to get away from the ' blaming women for everything ' syndrome . Claire Wintram Leicester , UK . Wrong magazine As a new reader I am somewhat puzzled by the balance of the letters you print . I thought the magazine was about inter- . national problems and the Third World 's exploitation by the West . Half your correspondents , though , seem to have read some other magazine - in NI 160 six of the 13 letters were about sex - related problems . When such a large proportion of the world 's population - and not only in the Third World - is wondering where the next meal is coming from , these middle - class preoccupations seem somewhat out of place . Helena McGinty Blackpool , UK . Green detectives One of the problems with environmental pollution ( NI 157 ) is the difficulty which the ordinary person has in establishing the nature of pollution in the everyday environment . For example : where can we get water or soil tested for chemical pollutants ? Where could a mother get her breast milk tested for PCBs ? If people knew where to get this information they could then become their own environmental detectives so that information might take the place of apathy and worry . I would be grateful to hear from anyone who can answer these questions particularly related to Alberta , Canada . Dr R Bamford Box 209 , Beaverlodge , Alberta TOH OCO , Canada . Pigeon politics I subscribed to the NI because I was looking for a magazine that featured informative articles about world affairs which were critical in their approach and free of stereotypes and the traditional dogma of Left or Right . I 'm sorry to see that the NI falls so short of the mark . The recent shift towards ' personal politics ' ( NI 158 ) is clearly out of step with the aims of the magazine as set out on the inside cover . As for stereotyping , look no further than Pollution and Politics ( NI 157 ) . You have pigeon - holed people into groups , each with your view of what they think . And if we were n't sure who you were talking about , you have thoughtfully provided cartoons of each . Liberals ' dither ' while balanced on bicycles . The heritage lobby totes a shotgun and reads National Geographic . Single - issue environment campaigns are portrayed as relics of the Sixties who are too narrow - minded to see that ' the Greens ' have the only answer . I do n't think your readers want to trade one dogma for another . I certainly do n't . Jamie Armstrong Fife , Scotland , UK . More stimulation Recessions come and go like a dreadful epidemic and I often wonder why we must always be helpless victims to them . One major cause of recession is certainly lack of demand for goods and services . But Keynesian theories , which advocate that governments spend more in order to create jobs and stimulate the economy , are not potent enough medicine for our economic woes . I would like to suggest the following stronger measures : . Government legislation to the effect that business enterprises and employed individuals must spend a fixed percentage of their earned incomes on any and whatever things they wish . This way more demand is created , and the economy is stimulated . Countries , perhaps with the auspices of the UN ( since there is no world government ) , could arrange to voluntarily spend a fixed percentage of their GNP on each other 's goods and services . Instead of just griping about the recession in resigned helplessness surely some of these measures could be considered . Margaret St Clare has been working as a secondary - school English teacher in the Zimbabwe countryside since January 1984 . This month she reflects on ways of breaking down the racism she finds in herself and other visitors to the village . Living in Zimbabwe continually makes me feel I am re - learning things I thought I knew about already . And the school holiday just over has rubbed one lesson in many times . I and five other expatriate visitors were playing host to two Zimbabwean families . After hours of this , one of the Zimbabwean women guests asked me , quietly , ' Are those people not happy ? ' Inwardly I blessed her for releasing a deeper response than the anger and shame I was feeling . All of these people think of themselves as progressive and anti - racist . All chose to spent the holiday here with me in the village , knowing we would be celebrating with local people . Yet all of them failed even to show simple good manners . I should add that , individually , I like these people very much , and do n't believe any of them would have acted in such a way had they come alone . But there is something about groups that relieves peoples of the responsibility towards non - members . None of the drivers were interested in a man who was neither employed in a ' proper ' job nor studying for a qualification . We were on our way to a town at the centre of a prosperous mining and commercial farming area , to visit a woman friend of mine working at the hospital . She lives ( of course ) on the white side of town - a sprawling American - style suburb of generous , verandahed bungalows set in generous , gardener - pruned plots . Here we were taxied from house to airy expatriate house , where the conversation ( in English ) was usually about Zimbabweans - their culture , economic , social and sexual - but rarely was a single question directed at Joseph . On our last afternoon , a Sunday , Joseph and I borrowed two bikes and cycled to the nearby African township . We saw small , square houses shared by two families ; tiny garden full of thrusting banana tree , maize , tomatoes and greens bordered by strong bamboo fencing . It seemed a lively , relaxed young community , and both of us greatly preferred it to the other side of town . So why do well - intentioned people behave so rudely and inhumanely towards those they believe they wish to help ? ( And here I include myself , for I have sometimes found myself acquiescing uneasily in segregated social situations . ) I can only suggest that it is frightening and painful to break down the protective barriers which shield us from identifying with those who have no work ( as we understand it ) or education ( as we conceive it ) . What they do have in place of such privileges we ca n't grasp until we remove those barriers and discover that their lives are not , as we dreaded , simply unrelieved suffering and boredom . They are , on the contrary , habitually joyful in the face of difficulties , and always upheld by a confident sense of community which we ourselves lack and which many of us , I suspect came here to find . New Internationalist reports on issues of world poverty and inequality . We focus attention on the unjust relationship between the powerful and the powerless worldwide in the fight for global justice . More about our work . \u00a9 Copyright New Internationalist 1973 - 2016 . Except where otherwise noted , content on this site is licensed under Creative Commons . Except where otherwise noted , images on this site are \u00a9 the attributed photographer / illustrator or representative agency . Top of page "}
{"url": "http://www.inter.it/en/news/14961", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701163421.31/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193923-00155-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "World goes mad -- official . In April last year I published a novel called How and why Lisa 's Dad got to be famous . You can download a free copy of it , if you wish . A few months later , I came across a novel by an American , Daniel Scott Buck , entitled The Greatest Show on Earth . I reviewed it on 31 August 2006 . Both these novels were about reality TV . Both novels imagined a TV show which offered extreme forms of entertainment . In my case , it was a show which led up to a man with AIDS having unprotected sexual intercourse with a woman who did n't have AIDS , live on late - night TV , in return for a prize of a million pounds . In Mr Buck 's novel , a young woman who is desperate for fame and attention falls in with a TV ' psychotherapist ' who specialises in unearthing ' repressed memories ' of ever - more violent and dramatic instances of child abuse , satanic murders , and so forth . Mr Buck and I both portrayed a world in which the media -- newspapers and television particularly -- would seize upon these sensationalist reality - TV shows and would exploit them for their own ends . Given a sufficiently violent , sexual , and controversial TV starting - point , we argued , a media firestorm would ensue . Well , the events of last week , in the UK , proved that Mr Buck and I were partly right and partly wrong . We were dead right in predicting that , for reasons of their own , the media are just standing there with their tongues hanging out , waiting for someone to throw a juicy titbit their way . But we badly misjudged how sensational the trigger needed to be . We over - egged our puddings . It turns out , in reality , that the reality - TV show which kicks off a media firestorm need not be all that sensational at all . It can be entirely trivial and commonplace . There is running , in the UK at present , a TV show called Celebrity Big Brother . Every year or so , Channel 4 gathers together 12 or 15 celebrities -- so called -- locks them up in a purpose - built house , without any contact with the outside world , and allows them to interact . Every few days , the public gets to vote on who should leave and who should stay . In due course , a winner emerges . Last week , during the course of the current Big Brother run , two of the house inmates had a row . The two women concerned were Jade Goody ( a Brit ) and a Bollywood film star called Shilpa Shetty . The row developed over the right number of Oxo cubes to use when cooking a meal . ( Remember please that I am not making any of this up . ) Jade , who has a very big mouth , proceeded to yell abuse at Shilpa for some time , and Shilpa stood up for herself . As rows go , this was minor - league stuff . It was a shouting match , of the kind that you can hear any time on a soap opera . But , because this was n't carefully scripted soap opera , the row went on longer and was messier . There was physical contact between the two ladies : no cat fight , no scratching , biting , hair - pulling , rolling on the floor . And nobody ran to the knife drawer and emerged with the intent of performing amateur surgery . So far so negligible . However , someone , somewhere , seems to have decided that Jade 's yelling constituted racist abuse and bullying . And both of these words , racist and bullying , are serious politically ( in)correct no - nos . Before you could say Just a minute girls , the UK media went mad . And I mean that literally . Television stations , radio programmes and newspapers all abandoned whatever claims they might have had to rationality , and spread themselves , in all directions , with reports , comments , interviews , photos , vox pop , opinion polls , you name it , they had it . Unless you have lived in the UK these last few days , you can not really understand how the nation seemed to stop dead and discuss this issue and nothing else . In truth , the whole thing was a fuss about nothing . You and I , in two or three minutes , could come up with quite a list of racially insulting remarks , for the dusky - hued to hurl at pinko - greys , and vice versa . None of those was heard on Big Brother . As for bullying : you can see worse on any school playground . All that took place was a standard , run - of - the - mill shouting match , of the kind that gets neighbours banging on the walls in every city in the world , seven days a week . But the media , as I say , went mad over it . Here are a few examples of the madness . Mr Blair , our Prime Minister , was asked a question about the Big Brother row in the House of Commons . Naturally he took the matter seriously . He declared solemnly that we must combat racism wherever and whenever it occurs . Our Prime Minister in waiting , Gordon Brown , was on a formal trip to India last week , presumably to discuss matters of mutual benefit to that country and the UK . But , because Shilpa Shetty is Indian , the Indian media had gone just as barmy as the UK lot . So instead of talking about trade , he found himself being constantly interviewed by the press , and questioned about who should be kicked out of the BB house first , Jade or Shilpa . You really could n't make this stuff up . I know , because I tried . So did Mr Buck . We did our best , but we were defeated by reality itself . The modern media go far beyond anything that any novelist might dream up . Meanwhile .... Yes , there is a meanwhile . Meanwhile , there were some real stories developing , news stories which might actually mean something , and which have some real impact upon the welfare of the nation . These were almost buried under an avalanche of rubbish . There was , for instance , the little matter of the war in Iraq . But that 's so boring , is n't it ? Old hat . Heard it all before . No one will tune in for that . But there is also , quietly ticking away in the corner , a metaphorical time bomb . In today 's Times , William Rees Mogg sums it all up rather well . Two people who work very closely with Tony Blair have been arrested : Lord Levy and Ruth Turner . They have not yet been charged , but , judging by the fierce attacks which have been launched on the police by friends of no 10 Downing Street , there is evidently cause for panic in the Prime Minister 's office . This , I think you will agree , is a story of some importance in the real world . But it was very nearly lost in last week 's uproar . The word Watergate is beginning to be heard in the land , because what may have gone badly wrong is not so much the original crime ( if there was one ) as the attempt to cover up what happened ( via lies and the destruction of evidence ) . Covering things up can amount to perverting the course of justice , which is a serious charge in the UK . It did for Jeffrey Archer . The UK media madness was epitomised , for me , by a TV soundbite from Tessa Jowell . Tessa Jowell is Tony Blair 's Culture Secretary ( whatever that means ) , and is a member of the Cabinet . She is also the husband of a man who has faced a long - running police enquiry into allegations of bribery in Italy , and she still has a number of questions to answer about her own conduct . She is known in some disrespectful quarters as Sign - anything Tessa , or Mrs Mortgage . Smart enough , it seems , to be a cabinet minister , but not smart enough to understand her husband 's complicated financial dealings . Just think how Ms Jowell must have felt when she opened her front door last week and found that the street was packed with cameras and sound men . Oh my God , she must have thought . Has the Prime Minister been arrested ? Are there new revelations in Italy ? But no . No , all the media wanted to know was how she felt about Big Brother . Well , that was easy . ' Disgusting , ' she snapped . ' Racist and disgusting . ' And then she got into her Cabinet Minister 's car and went off to her Cabinet Minister 's office . And as she went , she doubtless wiped the sweat off her brow , heaved a great sigh of relief , and said , ' Phew . Fooled 'em again . Thank you , Channel 4 . ' 9 comments : . One must really place the blame for this at the feet of a public which seems to have an insatiable appetite for such stuff . On the other hand , there does seem to be a limit . In the US , in addition to claptrap about \" American Idol \" and \" Brooke Hogan Bashes Jessica Simpson , \" there seems to be some actual realization sinking into Americans that they have both an out of control President and an out of control war . It 's been argued by some that this Big Brother conflict is a class conflict , rather than a racial one . But under New Labor , it is probably even more un - PC to mention class than race . I need hardly add that - if class exists - our Bollywood star has more of it . Watchers of Big Brother have none . Agreed completely , there is no excuse for allowing such drivel to dominate the news and overshadow other , real issues . I watched the very first big brother series with interest , and it was quite fun to watch ( some of it anyway ) , because it was something different . The whole boom that has happened with this type of tv now is just ridiculous . I do n't even want to think about the biographies ghost written for past contestants . It 's sad that publishers lower themselves to produce such drivel . 30,000 complaints is no small thing ... especially when they 're all directed at the nunmber one cash bringing programme on channel 4 . Jade is stupid , but we knew that . I just did n't think channel 4 would glorify it all so much . Yikes . I 've had a similar rant on my page abou the whole thing . Its interesting stuff you have to admit ... enough for us both and i expect several thousand others to write on it ! Well done , Grumpy . I do n't think it does anyone any favours to equate racism - which is real and frightening - with one daft bat calling another daft bat a poppadum . Madness , indeed . As Macaulay is so often quoted as saying , ' We know of no spectacle so ridiculous as that of the British public in one of its periodical fits of morality . ' Sadly , it is a fit that all political parties AND the media in the UK are busy simtulating and have been for the last ten years and more . Presumably because it keeps them away from all the things in their Much Too Difficult Box . And a small unsurprising postcript - Rupert Murdoch is now said to be interested in buying Telefonica 's share of Endemol , the producer of Big Brother . For sure this was a class motivated spat , not a race one . But then the producers knew this would kick off , did n't they ? Is n't BigBrother a dead horse and this was just the sort of flogging to bring it back into the spotlight ? And in answer to your question old Grumpy ... No you did n't over egg the pudding . Any writer putting this sort of drivel in a book ( two woman have a row , effigies burnt in Pakistan ) would be rightly rejected by readers as being \" too far fetched \" ... . Surely the highlighting of Jade 's racism is a good thing ? She may not have set out to be overtly racist , but the result of this low level underlying racism is just as racist as donning KKK robes and burning crosses . We , as a nation , can not begin to tackle racism born of ignorance by turning a blind eye to such goings on and saying they are n't racist . This debate being started by these events is one that is long overdue and will allow for more people from classrooms to boardrooms to study their own behaviour and ask the question \" are my actions racist ? \" Text size . If you find that the text of this blog is either too small or too large for easy reading , you can alter the size of the font in your browser controls . Alternatively , press the CTRL key and roll the mouse wheel forward or back . Search the GOB . A ' search this blog ' facility is available at the top left of the page . Unfortunately , it does n't work very well . For a quick and dirty search , it might do . and without spaces . This procedure is the one that I use when the built - in search device tells me that I have n't written about something when I know damn well that I have . "}
{"url": "http://www.zunethoughts.com/tags/walmart", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701155060.45/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193915-00313-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "i learnt loads of stuff these three day(five day ) holiday ..... i learnt that .... . not all holidays are fun . fact that there 's a break does n't mean it 'd be ' oh so sweet ' urggggh . monday was nt that great either , tuesday was a little light and wenesday ? had a meeting , when i was supposed to be chilling . i learnt that facebook is really fun . i know status messages always have a hint of ' boast ' in it . but this just got to be on top .... someone trying so hard to tell stuff . i learnt that reading two absolutely brain scorching books at the same time is a possibility , well make that three , i 'm reading roots , the kunta kinte story , lolita about the sicko oldie and the hans anderson translated stories(fairytales or whatever ) . its fun just switching between them . roots got me thinking about how hard it must have been for those slaves , and hating the whites , same time i 've learnt from it that i definitely do nt think paying bad with bad rocks . i was totally against the whites and what they pulled off with the slaves , but when i read of how some slaves actually poisoned the babies of their ' massas ' i found myself almost screeching at how mean that was . ) i learnt that my lips are so soft ... gwad , i 's jus wanna kiss it , whoever is the massa of thos lips gon na hav a might good time . ( since reading roots , i jes love speak the ' nigger ' english ) . i learnt its mighty easy to manipulate a man to do anything for you . well the day you decide to wear it , thinking ' hell with him , he s never going to be at so so bar at this time' ... well he certainly will be . its so annoying , all those hangouts i avoided wearing this purple jersey dress to and never seeing him there . today i go for a house party thingy and then to this bar to watch the man utd match and smack bang there he is walking around like he owned the place , which apparently he does as i learnt .... crap ! and i learnt that my lips are so so soft ... uhmmm . oh sorry i mentioned that already . i 'm just nibbling on them and thinking i should charge for a taste of this . also learnt that that i have to stop lusting over wayne rooney . we 've had scouts from reading coming to sniff him up.thus i have to stop the lusting after rooney , cos it feels like incest.like its my cousin i 'm lusting after . who knows what i 'll be thinking when my cousin swaggers past me juggling a football . and , the longest holidays are usually the most boring ... said that before yeah ? well i say it again . boring . in the land of the blind the one eyed man is king , the two eyed man 's a king of the king and the four eyed man ? well he is the god .... i get my prescription glasses on Monday . i ca nt say i 'm excited about it . my friend says i 'll look like a total nerd . i 've tried to convince her otherwise and in the process convince myself that its not so bad .... shes satisfied with taunting me .... whatever , she s a mere two eyed specie . i 'm four eyed , now how special can that be ? such an irony . when i was a little girl , i would wear moms kaftans and her high heeled shoes , an assortment of jewelry and handbag , and the final look of adulthood , her glasses . that 's what i get for spending every free moment i had in moms office . ( can that qualify as child abuse ? her not discouraging me to go play with my mates rather than hang out with her at work ... lol ) i digress . if only i knew then what i know now , that i do n't want to have to use prescribed glasses , let alone own one . i was given an option of contact lenses . i love my brown eyes alot , and as appealing as the idea of playing around with colors seem , i 'm not up for stuffing my fingers in my eye . i chose the next best thing to unnerdy i could find . a white framed Chanel . thus on monday i become an official four eyed fella .... a god in the land of the blind . that s special right ? i 'm not a pro in photography , but i love to click . this shot sort of translates my life . i did the colour patch to create that effect of a new and brighter me emerging to drown the gloomy , dark , boring drabness of the old me . and the trucks my moving truck , moving out a bit of my dark and scary baggage ... lol . got a new camera some weeks back . i 'll put the behind camera post up soon enough . been so busy learning all i can about life love and life and love and life plus a bit of work and the essence of hate and forgiveness(dont ask for tips , i 'm still clueless ) . have n't had the time to blog hop and drop comments . and then to add to my problems , there s the ever frustrating new facebook that s so so urgggggggh and coppershunism(nysc ) is such crap . i 've worn my uniform three times in total . its kinda sexy ... makes you feel like a woman in uniform , how i wanted to hold a riffle the first time i wore the khakis ... lol ! those boots are so uncomfortable . had a new set of khakis sewn so i do nt get to wear the pathetic unfit set we 're given . had to take pictures in them as proof to all those haters claiming i did nt serve my fatherland . i so ca nt wait for the three day holiday coming immediately after the weekend , meaning five days free . monday and tuesday is ramadan holiday , wenesday is independence . yes we have too many holidays in nigeria but who 's complaining , personnally i think we do nt have enough holidays . all day today i kept humming the song we sang in primary school ' holiday is coming , holiday is coming , no more morning bells(alarm clocks ) ............ ' . michael is one hell of a sweetheart . after his cover page appearance on ebony sometime last year , i fell head over heels in non lustful love with him again . so what if he 's a lil messed up so what if he s white now ? it do nt matter if his black or white so what if his bad ? a smooth criminal ? sometimes when i judge him for all those accusations that he possible did nt do , i ca nt help but wonder what he sees when he looks in the mirror ? a guilty person who s lost so much in life ? or just a normal person?does he look in the mirror at all ? are we , the fans part of the hammer that s broken him ? ( not like he did nt get himself broken before we arrived the scene ) . on one of kat williams stand up comedy shows , he said stuff of not been deceived by micheal . he s black , how come his kids are all white ? got me thinking too ... are his genes supposed to change when he has a ' skin problem ' ? but who am i to judge , if a ' black guy ' has white babies , what do we know ? but seriously he seems gay , does nt he ? not like ... well maybe i 'm judging , maybe i 'm been stereotypically but he talks , walks , smiles and dresses gay , what am i not to think of . there s this prank call i saw on youtube , you just have to listen to it . my ipods been on repeat all weekend , my micheal playlist of every song he s possibly ever done / released from childhood to date keeps playing , a dozen of them sound unfamiliar , but i just grasp his voice and let it do what it does to me . lol . i love michael and i 'm not ashamed to say it . ( okay i 'll keep this one to myself ... damn that s some hot shit , i ai nt spilling . its that day again ... trying to figure out what it is i was doing on this day seven years ago . its kind of blurry and all , i remember not knowing anything significant had happened in the world across the Atlantic , i was out all day with my friends and all we watched on tv was the booty shaking music videos on MTV and Channel O .. , if that can happen there , the safest place in my small opinion on earth(then ) , then who in any country is safe ? not we here in Nigeria without all of the fancy and intimidating names of FBI and CIA and co .. but then , after the heart break and the crying , we 've lived on , we 've reminisced , we 've wondered how it went wrong , we 've been scared out of our skin with little uncertainties and misjudgments and unfair harassment of young arabs carrying rucksacks . we can talk about newyork and all its shopping bliss without a sad sigh . somehow , THE SUN HAS COME UP AGAIN .... and through the whole cloudy , smoky , choky and dark days of the years past , we 've been let in the sunlight , a brighter day ... God bless America .... God bless the world . and God bless Rita and her family who lost her dad 15 years ago today . i read her post today and there s so much to be learned from her and all she s been through . P.S .... on a lighter note , carlang 's been busy while away from blogsville . there i was reading an article in the latest edition of genevive magazine , i thought the style looked familiar , and then i finish reading and who 's name do i see .... carlang . twas a really good write up , then , its carl , so what do you expect ? ' i 'm exicited for you . who knows , you might be to genevive what segun johnson is to true love . i know we 've all seen this video one too many times . but i had to put it up here . i 'm embarrassed that she s trying so desperately to hold on to her culture , while we are desperate to let go of this culture that is a definition of who we are , what we 're about . but seriously , what do we teach our children ? would our culture be extinct in their generation ? would they suffer what i suffered as a child , not being able to communicate with my grandma , seating and staring at her , wanting to say so much , but limited by the barricade built by my lost culture , the inability to speak my mother tongue . i enjoy her tastefully cooked meals , but how do i get the recipes from her , those details that make it different from the rest ? how do i tell her how her food gives me this euphoria even chocolates have failed to achieve ? what are the stories dwelling in her ? waiting to be passed into my ready ears , stories of life lessons that 'd save me from situations where i 'm left wondering ? lessons that a mother ca nt break down properly , only a grandmother can tell it right ? stories of her mother my great - grandma and how she raised her to become a strong beautiful woman that she is .... with inter - tribal marriages reigning . me being a product of one of such mix , you 'd imagine that the richness of culture i posses would be so refined i 'd be a posh multi lingual cultured girl . how shameful that the opposite is the case for me and loads of others like me . i 'm not disputing the western culture . no , its wonderful , its given us bacon , and chocolates , and burgers and cashmere and those beautiful gadgets and jimmy choos and Louis vuitton and vogue and french kiss and ......... but like Magaret mead the American anthropologist pointed ... . As the traveler who has once been from home is wiser than he who has never left his own doorstep , so a knowledge of one other culture should sharpen our ability to scrutinize more steadily , to appreciate lovingly , our own . so true , we should experience other cultures , but be careful not to loose ourselves in its deepness , stay shallow enough so we can easily drift back to the culture that defines our beings . bassey ikpi despict 's a lost child craving for the culture of her fatherland . hopefully someday soon enough , we 'd realize how special our culture is , and run back to hug it close .... "}
{"url": "https://www.behance.net/gallery/Ice-Cream-Hijab/3892519", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701163438.83/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193923-00233-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "It is a virus that opens an Olympic torch that burns the whole hard disc C of your computer . This virus will be received from someone you had in your address book . That 's why you should send this message to all your can [ 12:56 ] Emilly Orr : Oh , not again . I swear , I see at least one of these a day , and I 'm not in a lot of high - traffic groups by intent . I 'm sure that people in larger , more \" chatty \" groups see this more than I do . [ 12:57 ] \u10e6 \u03c1\u03b9\u03b7\u043a\u0447 \u10e6 ( pxxxxxxxx Fxxx ) : huh ? So , I did some quick work to track it down . I was n't trying for open hostility , just information . While I was off doing that , others were chiming in . That 's the problem , is n't it ? If we do n't understand the technology we use , we do n't understand how and why it stops working , let alone why it works in the first place . [ 12:59 ] Zxxxxxxxxxx Hxxxxxxxxx : Spam can also be used for sammiches . [ 12:59 ] Zxxxxxxxxxx Hxxxxxxxxx : But that is a diffrent conversation . [ 12:59 ] Exxxxx ( pxxxxxxxxxxxxx Rxxxxxxx ) : probably a more interesting one [ 13:00 ] Emilly Orr : Not only that , but it 's OLD spam . But this is how infection works , right ? One person gets sick , infects another person , who infects another person , who ... you get the idea . And in more places than just SL , virii no longer have to be computer - based . Now , they can be purely text - based , and people will still pick up the infection and pass it on . So what 's the deal behind Prince Stolas on Twitter ? God , of all people , tipped me to him , and it 's a little unnerving that his / her / its user pic ( as well as the name , for that matter ) both relate to the Goetic hierarchy of named demons . Of course , to be fair , My Lord Stiv was never all that sane , even when he was hanging out at the Enigma in SL , so it 's unsurprising to find him consorting with owl - faced demonic entities . What is surprising , I suppose , is to find said owl - faced demonic entity handing out \" fashion curses \" on Twitter . Turning to current news , someone mentioned a meteorite striking Russia late last night . I tossed the link to friends , and we went off to look for proof of veracity . Turns out a meteorite did strike Russia last night . There 's a ton of video footage , and at this point , a ton of coverage , and just about every link is saying that this had nothing to do with the \" near miss \" fly - by of DA14 . I 'm not so sure , to be perfectly honest ; while it was n't DA14 , it likely was an outrider pulled along the asteroid 's route . [ Insert from the Editrix : here is a great article on what did -- and didn't -- happen regarding the meteor strike over Russia . Prevailing science says my theory 's wrong ; the meteor that hit and DA14 were on completely different ellipticals . ] They were , as a rule , just memorable enough that ( most ) players did n't want to see them over and over again . More news from the front lines of the new Lara Croft : this is now their idea of memorable . ( Clicking that link , btw , leads to an incredibly visceral and disturbing death that someone made into a . gif ; I would say it 's definitely NSFW , and might indeed be NSF anyone , ever . ) This is what 's been bothering me about the new trend towards \" realism \" in games . And it 's not even the Uncanny Valley aspects of coding , nor am I going to go off on how violent videogames cause children to find guns and kill people , because they do n't . And we run a very real risk , by participating in these death scenes by proxy , of making it easier to shrug off other forms of violence . News of NiranV 's trouble with this JIRA is both daunting and depressing to read ; while I no longer use Niran 's viewer , I will say I found it easy to use , easy to build in , and photography was phenomenal while using it . Overall , I really thought it was the best of the V3 coding out there . But it seems he 's intent on hanging up his hat . He should n't have had to fight this hard to fix things . But then , in reading through the JIRA comments , my jaw hit the desk more than once : . \" Real bodies are not perfectly symmetric , and neither is our avatar model ; changing this now would be more disruptive than symmetry justifies . \" ( Widely Linden ) . Seriously ? Plus , that statement is so dense as to be nearly impenetrable for most people . \" Real bodies \" are n't perfectly symmetrical , no , but virtual bodies are . Plus , this seems to be a simple change so that prim clothing , armor , prim attachments , wings , et cetera , would fit better and be positioned more accurately , right ? So why would that small fix be \" more disruptive \" in any way ? There are more interesting comments on that JIRA , but I 'm quoting the last one in brief : . \" If Linden Labs really wants to get their customers to drop them like a rock , feel free to close it again . I 'll know to stop getting on Second Life and go do something productive then . \" ( Maki Guyot ) . This is exactly where a great number of us are . And I know I say this a lot , but this time I think it has some merit , because I 've pretty much given up on updating this blog at present . ( Granted , that does not mean I 'm not blogging , but really , the only blogs I 'm updating at all right now are my Tumblr feed and Topping Out . ) Without serious work on their communications with the community , without severe and sudden deconstruction of the ivory tower elitism that seems to solidly permeate Linden Lab , they 're going to lose Second Life as a viable world . I do n't normally get political on this blog , but I have to laud Nancy Pelosi 's recent statement that violent video games have no impact on school shootings , and on violence in general . She 's getting dunned , especially on Fox News , for this stance , but I have to applaud her for this . Because if violence in games were the sole determining cause , then there would be huge upswings for violent acts in Japan , for instance , which allows far more brutal depictions of violence in games than even we do . We need to address the culture , not the media created by the culture . Because it 's still the truth : guns do n't shoot people by themselves , and violent games do n't kill on their own , either . Find the root causes , not the symptoms , and we can begin to heal the cultural rift . Taking away the weapons and the games , by themselves , wo n't work . Finding out why so many of our teens feel disenfranchized , why so many of our teens snap after years of constant bullying and abuse , will do us far more good than banning a few games that the bulk of young adults do n't even play . And after that , here 's a twenty - five minutes on why those of us in the US are paying more and getting less ( in terms of download and upload speeds ) than comparable developed nations . Just taking the case of Hong Kong , where even the poorest households have faster data transfer rates than people who have the fastest speeds over here , it does cause us to wonder why . I 'd be very interested in finding out what Time - Warner and Comcast ( to name only two ) think about Ms. Crawford 's assertions . Moving on to art , let me introduce you to the work of Augusto Esquivel . He 's using simple buttons strung on nylon line to create ephemeral , moving hanging sculptures . Personally , I remain enamored of the piano , but some of the other set pieces are just as stunning . For art closer to home , buying one of the clock pegs from Yanko Design will let you use any random object ( of the correct dimensions ) as clock hands . Want to mark the hours of your day with pencils or pens ? Done . Want to insert harvest twigs ? Done . Slim throwing knives , tatted bookmarks stiffened with cornstarch , wire ribbon ? Whatever . It 'll work . Insert things into peg ; set correct time ; insert peg into wall ; done . The next dangerous drink has emerged : in this case , a vodka rated at 250,000 Scoville units . ( To put that into perspective , poblano peppers rate , on average , between 1,000 and 2,000 Scovilles , jalape\u00f1o peppers around 5,000 Scovilles , straight cayenne about 30,000 , and pure haba\u00f1ero pepper about 200,000 . ) The terms in which this vodka is described make it sound less like a drink , and more like an assault ; however , I know people who would buy that -- and drink it -- with great relish . At least until the burn hit . Then there might be tears and lamentations . Let me also introduce you to Tsuyoshi Ozawa , who in 2012 did a series featuring women holding vegetable weapons . I .. really have no place in my brain for that , so I 'm sending it out to you . Maybe someone will make sense of it for me . And there 's a very inspiration video featuring women in Second Life participating in One Billion Rising . It 's an important cause , and it 's a touching video , both . ( Plus , here and there you might recognize a few faces you know . ) There are things in our lives we can redesign to make much more efficient , or beautiful , or inspiring . And then there are the designs we make just for fun . Me , I know why the tentacle plunger might get made , though it 's clearly the latter . ( And no , think bathroom , not bedroom -- this really is a redesigned plunger , not a sex toy . ) This , though , is truly amazing and if it succeeds in a stable way , we will effectively end the debate over use of stem cells in medicine . Imagine : a world where there is no risk of rejection , because the cells are grown from each patient . A world where there is no need for the scary immuno - suppressants we have now , with their occasionally vicious side effects , because our bodies will simply adapt and reintegrate our own cells . 3D printers can do a great many things , but I admit , I did n't realize they could print out living cells . We are living in the future , people . Meanwhile , coming from the more cynical region of future techs , Amazon is trying to patent a yet - to - be - created device that will ensure digital scarcity . While the concept of digital scarcity still makes me laugh , my bigger question is why ? And why did it take so long to grant the patent ? ( It was originally filed in 2009 . ) But that 's not the worrisome part . The part that makes me nervous is the implicit kill coding . Say I own a digital copy of To Kill a Mockingbird that I acquired from Amazon . I 've read the work several times , I need more space for things , and Amazon has told me I can re - sell the ebook when I wish . I list it for sale ( at a reduced price , though Amazon still takes a cut ) , and someone buys it . This technology would then ( supposedly ) kick in and \" transfer ownership \" of the ebook , giving a copy ( with the kill code intact ) to the buyer , and subsequently deleting my copy of the book . Considering how easy it is for technologies to go haywire , I am not sanguine that other books may be deleted , or that there would be cases where my book might be deleted , and the buyer 's copy not delivered . All around , this sounds like a bad move . Turning to gender , and perception , Lore Sj\u00f6berg has a marvelous little commentary on the myth of the \" nice guy \" . It 's well worth reading , and I 'm thinking it should be required reading for every guy in SL . Because what he says is true : women do n't want \" nice \" when they 're considering potential mates or partners . They want smart , or funny , or smart and funny , and hey , liking a good cuddle now and again would n't be bad either . And after those attributes are covered , then women turn to the physical . Is that sinking in ? Ask ten guys what they want in a woman , at least half of them will mention breast size . Ask ten women what they want in a man , nearly all of them will mention intelligence and sense of humor over any physical attribute . calendaria . about the Conductor . There is no train . That 's why it 's real . Behind the screen I 'm a crafter , a writer , a fabric artist ; I 'm poetically inclined , sarcastic as a profession , and a great admirer of life 's oddities , both good and bad . Online I 'm mostly baffled , confused , and retreat to kitten space to cope . Events at Bellefleurs . Sundays : Music Salon with Ms. Lynn Mimistrobell . 7:30 PM . Mondays : En Garde practice with Ms. Erewhon Yoshikawa . 8:30 PM . Thursdays : Steampunk Music Salon with Ms. Lilah Revnik ( dependent on her schedule , may not happen every week ) . 8:00 PM . convention car . information booth . No copyright infringement is intended or implied . "}
{"url": "http://weroni.deviantart.com/art/Heart-of-a-Rainforest-377658032", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701152987.97/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193912-00224-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Navionics charts , really fresh data & lots of it . I 've been using Navionics \" Freshest Data \" for almost a year now , and while it takes some getting used to and I have experienced a few glitches , my access to up - to - date charts has become nothing short of astounding . I can use the regular SD card reader on any of my computers to freshen a chart card right up to whatever changes Navionics cartographers have made to the master database that day . Plus each of the new generation Gold and Platinum+ cards comes with a voucher that you can use to download another set of charts -- any set ! -- to your PCs , and they too are automatically updated every time you open the included Navionics PC chart viewer ... . The key to Freshest Data is an app called Navionics World that you 'll be asked to download and install when you visit the Web Store on Navionics ' main web site . ( Note that while there 's currently a warning up about slow downloads , I 've have n't experienced download problems myself , though the latest version of Navionics World itself took several attempts to install . ) Once the app is running and you 've registered or signed in , you just select \" I have a plotter \" on the main screen above , put your Navionics card in the slot , and you should get a screen like the one below . Once you start the download process updating the card is automatic ... . If you then look on your chart card you 'll see that many files are new . The sub folders for 3D bathy info , topdown satellite photos and harbor images do n't change -- understandable given that a Platinum+ card like this contains almost 8 gigs of data -- but those various . nv2 files must be the core vector chart data . Note also the new folder of UGC files ... . Camden is a somewhat messy example of UGC these days because the town - maintained Outer Harbor channel buoys that got badly charted by NOAA in 2010 ( still not fixed ! ) are now charted by Navionics and show above along with the UGC buoys that actually are more correct and got there first . It 's noteworthy that C - Map just went and fixed it , but then again Navionics has sure been busy with a total rebuild of their data collection and distribution system . In fact , they announced an expansion of UGC into user - collected depth files in Miami which I intend to learn more about , but let 's look at the PC app I mentioned . You get to it via the same Navionics World program shown above , and the surprise it that the voucher you get with a new card can be used to download any Gold chart region . And since Gold regions are much larger than Platinum ones , you might end up with the massive chart portfolio I 've accrued ... . The PC app has evolved nicely since I first saw it , but it 's not meant for navigation , and the syncing of routes \" across all my devices \" still is n't working for me . But I love having all these charts for armchair cruising or checking out a spot like North Coronado Island which came up sadly last week . The bit of UGC I created for the Aegean has n't yet showed up on my Navionics HD iPad app -- though that 's also improved recently , adding geo - located Pilot info PFDs for instance -- but maybe that 's the \" degraded performance \" Navionics is warning about ? But let 's be patient and , besides , all this goodness does n't really come at extra cost if you were the sort of navigator who updated their chart cards annually . When you buy a new Navionics Gold or Platinum+ card you just need to register it and start the Freshest Data program within two months , which lasts for a year . Resubscribing costs 50 % of the original card cost , which is similar to what replacing a card used to cost , or you can buy a new one and get all new collateral data too . I 'm not sure how the PC app works but I know that all the chart regions I downloaded last Spring are still updating whenever I open the app , and , by the way , you seem to get computer four licenses per region per voucher . Anyone else enjoying Navionics Anywhere Anytime , as they like to call it , or perhaps experiencing glitches ? Comments . I 've been using the Navionics UGC on my Lowrance HDS 8 since they released the 4.1 software upgrade for the MFD . I think it was in Feb / March . It works great , and some of the content that I contributed already showed up :) I have a Gold chart and the downloads are huge . 800 MB . When I first tried it , the download failed half way through . No error messages . I guess it just did n't finish . When i plugged the chip back into my MFD , all the cartography was gone . After the initial panic attack , I downloaded things again . This time successfuly . It 's been working fine ever since . I have a gold chart , and I was wondering if getting Platinum charts are worth it for the average cruiser . The actual chart data appears to be identical . It looks like the Platinum features are just air photos and more \" contact \" information for local marinas . Am I missing anything else ? My PC installation had problems with updating new versions . From july jast year uptil last weekend . The newest version 1.7 is updating ok . With this version the App wo n't update the charts anymore . For my platinum + card , I have a mismatch on the NSE since the start . This causes a terrible view when in the Harbour . Faulty position on the map , faulty overlays ( Radar and AIS ) faulty tracks . Navionics last promise is that it will solved in july this year , when the free updateservice is no longer valid . One thing makes me nervous about all this crowd - sourced \" Freshest Data \" stuff is how is depth data verified and/or corrected ? 1 - How does Navionics account for tides ? 2 - Most depth sounders have an offset adjustment . This gives me a margin and I do n't have to remember what my draft is . If I were part of the \" Freshest Data \" contributors , my data would skew the soundings by 5 ft . . Dave has a point re : who is verifying the data . I downloaded the updates to my chart , and according to the UGC , it appears that there are some great fishing spots in central Harlem ( NYC ) . Too bad the largest body of water there is a puddle in a pothole on 125th St. . Dave , I do n't think depth date is included w/ the UGC ( is it ? ) I thought it 's more like waypoints and such . Either way , your offset does n't change the reading , just the display on your screen ( the offset is subtracted from the actual depth for display ) . BTW , the offset is to account for the depth of the transducer . Why not just set it to be accurate , then set a shallow water alarm for the sounder ? I do n't thin they crowd source depth data at this point . All the stuff I 've submitted has been related to marinas , uncharted hazards , fishing hot spots , etc . I agree , if they ever crowd source the depth information they would have to be careful . I do most of my boating on the great lakes , so I do n't really have to worry about tides , just seasonal water changes . Although last year we had some freaky weather and I observed a +3 ft to -3 ft water level change within 30 minutes . It did a lot of damage to the docks at the marina :) Even took out a retaining wall . We sail in -very- shallow sandy shifty waters as our home waters , and Freshest Data is indeed nothing less than astoundingly great . Lovely , lovely . My HDS 4.1 update shows UGC , but over here I have n't seen much more than harbour updates such as extra restaurants and phone numbers for harbour masters , but that may be related to the quality of the underlying chart data from the Dutch hydrographic office . Andreas , like you I am also doubtful of the value of Platinum over Gold , at least where I live . One thing I do miss on my HDS with Gold charts is the display of current vectors . Not a big deal in home waters but currents would be useful in unfamiliar areas with large currents . I just got back from a month in the Bahamas ( Berry Islands and Exumas ) . I have a Raymarine E80 with a Navionics Gold card that was purchased last fall . For example , in one heavily traveled area , the sand bar extended out by more than a mile past where the chart indicated ( near Chub ) . In another spot , the sand was extending out over a multi - mile arc that was n't shown on the chart ( on the bank approach to Warderick Wells if I remember correctly ) . When I say \" off by a large amount \" I mean the chart shows 10 feet of water and reality is 4 feet , for example . I 'm sure this is why people say only navigate during the day in the Bahamas . If someone has more accurate or recently updated data on the shifting sands that would be interesting to know . My Gold card has not worked for a few days now because of a bad download from the Navionics website which corrupted the data . I was on hold with customer service for 30 minutes and nothing was resolved ..... not even an offer to exchange my card . The Navionics site has been screwed for a few days now and I ca nt get a download of data without being shutdown by \" the Webstore \" ! Let me say this again because apparently Navionics does nt get it ..... MY CARD DOES NOT WORK ! Navionics charts purchased from X - Traverse ( within the last 12 months ) have the \" Freshest Data \" applied to them . X - Traverse customers will receive an email when updates are available to the region(s ) they have purchased . Thanks svH. Too bad you could n't punch in your own UGC for all to benefit . Do you have Bahamas explorer charts too ? I read that they 're the best but can only find paper . I have maptech paper as a backup but do n't really dig paper as a primary nav tool .... it 's just not that convenient on a boat , sometimes impossible even . Navionics no longer sells cards for the United States for Furuno NavNet VX2 plotters . I will be changing the software to C - Map at the earliest convenient opportunity . I 'm using Navionics Platinum + Charts in my Simrad NSS8 . I 've been very disappointed not only in the chart displays but the functional integration with the NSS8 . I downloaded the PC App last night and while a step in the right direction it leaves alot to be desired . I 've been using Garmins Homeport to enter data and retrieve data from my NSS8 ..... so easy to do using the GPX format . I do like Navionics Freshest Data feature . The Bahamas Explorer Charts are used in the Garmin electronic charts . I have been using them ( G2 ) on my Garmin 3210 for 4 years . My friends with Raymarine chartplotters are much more challenged there . I will go off to see what this is about , but I am quite wary of bricking a very expensive set of charts . Maybe when the season is over and I have time to recover from a failure . Not now . I purchased Navionics charts for Canada / US for our iPad . In a number of locations I found these charts to be deficient or dangerously WRONG ! One passage shown to have 19 ft of water , between an island and the mainland is in fact an isthmus that in very high water has perhaps six inches to a foot of water . A passage from one lake to another , which is dredged and has channel markers is missing entirely . The NE shore of Lake Superior , just north of Sault St Marie 's is labelled \" Lake Ontario \" in at least three places . When I wrote an e - mail to Navionics regarding these and other errors I got no response . Would you trust these charts on a dark and stormy night to keep your boat and crew safe ? I wo n't . But this is just part and parcel of the wave of untouchable , irresponsible money grab approaches that run from OS creators to App creators . Most of my best apps have been free or open architecture . I try to support these with donations . "}
{"url": "http://fashnlvr.blogspot.com/2011/10/1-memory-lane-favorite-outfits-of-last.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701160958.15/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193920-00195-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Mindfulness : The practice of being \" here \" . Well , here you go : one rank Western novice 's collection of blurbs and excerpts on an ancient ( yet oddly timely ) method for easing yourself back into this moment -- any day , at any time , and in anything you choose to do . Mindfulness is this and here . Mindfulness is the practice whereby a person is intentionally aware of his or her thoughts and actions in the present moment , non - judgmentally . Mindfulness is applied to both bodily actions and the mind 's own thoughts and feelings . In Buddhism , the second kind of mindfulness is considered a prerequisite for developing insight and wisdom . Right Mindfulness is the seventh path from the Noble Eightfold Path , which is in its turn the fourth of the Four Noble Truths . -- Mindfulness - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . Fundamentally mindfulness is a simple concept . Its power lies in its practice and its applications . Mindfulness means paying attention in a particular way : on purpose , in the present moment , and nonjudgmentally . This kind of attention nurtures greater awareness , clarity , and acceptance of present - moment reality . It wakes us up to the fact that our lives unfold only in moments . If we are not fully present for many of those moments , we may not only miss what is most valuable in our lives but also fail to realize the richness and the depth of our possibilities for growth , and transformation . -- Wherever You Go , There You Are by Jon Kabat - Zinn . From the Buddhist perspective , our ordinary waking state of consciousness is seen as being severely limited and limiting , resembling in many respects an extended dream rather than wakefulness . Meditation helps us wake up from this sleep of automaticity and unconsciousness , thereby making it possible for us to live our lives with access to the full spectrum of our conscious and unconscious possibilities . -- Wherever You Go , There You Are by Jon Kabat - Zinn . Just seeing . The question \" What shall we do about it ? \" is only asked by those who do not understand the problem . If a problem can be solved at all , to understand it and to know what to do about it are the same thing . On the other hand , doing something about a problem which you do not understand is like trying to clear away darkness by thrusting it aside with your hands . When light is brought , the darkness vanishes at once . -- The Wisdom of Insecurity by Alan Watts . Breaking the grip of ignorance and craving comes with just seeing , not with doing something particular about it . Once you see , your course of action will naturally follow . -- Buddhism Plain and Simple by Steve Hagen . While practicing mindfulness , do n't be dominated by the distinction between good and evil , thus creating a battle within oneself . Whenever a wholesome thought arises , acknowledge it : \" A wholesome thought has just arisen . \" If an unwholesome thought arises , acknowledge it as well : \" An unwholesome thought has just arisen . \" Do n't dwell on it or try to get rid of it . To acknowledge it is enough . If they are still there , acknowledge they are still there . If they have gone , acknowledge they have gone . That way the practitioner is able to hold of his mind and to obtain the mindfulness of the mind . -- The Miracle of Mindfulness by Thich Nhat Hanh . Do n't ponder : You do n't need to figure everything out . Discursive thinking wo n't free you from the trap . In meditation , the mind is purified naturally by mindfulness , by wordless bare attention . Habitual deliberation is not necessary to eliminate those things that are keeping you in bondage . All that is necessary is a clear , non - conceptual perception of what they are and how they work . That alone is sufficient to dissolve them . Concepts and reasoning just get in the way . Do n't think . See . -- Mindfulness in Plain English . Being here for this . Try reminding yourself from time to time : \" This is it . \" See if there is anything at all that it can not be applied to . Remind yourself that acceptance of the present moment has nothing to do with resignation in the face of what is happening . It simply means a clear acknowledgment that what is happening is happening . -- Wherever You Go , There You Are by Jon Kabat - Zinn . There 's also mindfulness of mind . Until we deliberately listen for it , we usually pay little attention to the fact that there 's the constant chatter of a monologue -- often idiotic -- running in our minds . When we really lose ourselves , we can even work it up to a dialogue . Our minds jabber to themselves much of the time ... -- Buddhism Plain and Simple by Steve Hagen . What is the use of planning to be able to eat next week unless I can really enjoy the meals when they come ? If I am so busy planning how to eat next week that I can not fully enjoy what I am eating now , I will be in the same predicament when next week 's meals become \" now . \" If my happiness at this moment consists largely in reviewing happy memories and expectations , I am but dimly aware of this present . I shall still be dimly aware of the present when the good things that I have been expecting come to pass . For I shall have formed a habit of looking behind and ahead , making it difficult for me to attend to the here and now . If , then , my awareness of the past and future makes me less aware of the present , I must begin to wonder whether I am actually living in the real world . -- The Wisdom of Insecurity by Alan Watts . The art of living in this \" predicament \" is neither careless drifting on the one hand nor fearful clinging to the past and the known on the other . It consists in being completely sensitive to each moment , in regarding it as utterly new and unique , in having the mind open and wholly receptive . -- The Wisdom of Insecurity by Alan Watts . \" Real life \" mindfulness . The millions are awake enough for physical labor ; but only one in a million is awake enough for effective intellectual exertion , only one in a hundred millions to a poetic or divine life . To be awake is to be alive . I have never yet met a man who was quite awake . How could I have looked him in the face ? We must learn to reawaken and keep ourselves awake , not by mechanical aids , but by an infinite expectation of the dawn , which does not forsake us in our soundest sleep . -- Walden by Henry David Thoreau . Henry David Thoreau 's two years at Walden Pond were above all a personal experiment in mindfulness . He chose to put his life on the line in order to revel in the wonder and simplicity of present moments . But you do n't have to go out of your way or find someplace special to practice mindfulness . It is sufficient to make a little time in your life for stillness and what we call non - doing , and then tune in to your breathing . -- Wherever You Go , There You Are by Jon Kabat - Zinn . PP : Besides the techniques [ you teach to your patients ] , what else do people come away with ? JK : A lot of people drop the formal practice but maintain the mindfulness in daily living . They 've developed it as a life skill . In times of great stress or pain , they know how to go to their breathing , to use it to calm down and broaden the field of perception , so that they can see with a larger perspective . PP : People somehow internalize , not simply the technique , but where it 's coming from . JK : Exactly . And that 's our emphasis . We do n't want a group of imitators when we get through with them , nor a group of super - meditators who are all tripped out about meditation . What we want are people who are basically strong , flexible , and balanced , and have a perspective on their own inner being that is accepting and generous . -- Mindful Medicine - An Interview with Jon Kabat - Zinn . I am learning slowly to bring my crazy pinball - machine mind back to this place of friendly detachment toward myself , so I can look out at the world and see all those other things with respect . Try looking at your mind as a wayward puppy that you are trying to paper train . You do n't drop - kick a puppy into the neighbor 's yard every time it piddles on the floor . You just keep bringing it back to the newspaper . So I keep trying gently to bring my mind back to what is really there to be seen , maybe to be seen and noted with a kind of reverence . -- Bird by Bird by Anne Lamott . So , mindfulness will not conflict with any beliefs or traditions -- religious or for that matter scientific -- nor is it trying to sell you anything , especially not a new belief system or ideology . It is simply a practical way to be more in touch with the fullness of your being through a systematic process of self - observation , self - inquiry , and mindful action . There is nothing cold , analytical , or unfeeling about it . The overall tenor of mindfulness is gentle , appreciative , and nurturing . Another way to think of it would be \" heartfulness . \" -- Wherever You Go , There You Are by Jon Kabat - Zinn . While washing the dishes one should only be washing the dishes , which means one should be completely aware of the fact that one is washing the dishes . At first , glance , that might seem a little silly . Why put so much stress on a simple thing ? But that 's precisely the point . The fact that I am standing there and washing these bowls is a wondrous reality . I am completely myself , following my breath , conscious of my presence , and conscious of my thoughts and actions . There 's no way I can be tossed around mindlessly like a bottle slapped here and there on the waves . -- The Miracle of Mindfulness by Thich Nhat Hanh . So , why here ? The question will naturally arise : what does all this stuff have to do with manila folders , Getting Things Done , Quicksilver , and the rest of the usual smorgasbord on 43F ? And I 'll confess that my answer for today is \" I have pretty much no idea . \" For some people this might mean the ability to quickly re - prioritize on a busy day . For others it 's reflected in the calm concentration that can come from not checking email for an hour . It means reacting to real reality rather than always dancing the manic watusi demanded by the ten - thousand monkeys in your head . But even ( or especially ) when decoupled from its practical role in solving any given problem , mindfulness has much self - evident value all by itself . If you never learn to be here for this particular moment , you 'll remain a sleepy captive to every anxiety , fantasy , or unintentional habit that 's ever popped into your life . And that , my friends , is a crappy way to go through life . I am a Christian , a pastor in the United Methodist Church , and a mind - like - silly - puddy GTD newbie , and I have to say it was the whole concept of mindfulness is what drew me to GTD in the first place . I think the moment I decided to make GTD a way of life was when I was listening to the GTD audiobook , and heard DA talk about contexts using the example of cleaning his garage . When you have the task in your trusted system , the garage is n't allowed to talk to you anymore and demand cleaning right now . Jesus said , \" I came that they might have life and have it abundantly . \" When I am playing with my daughter and thinking about work instead of what a complete and total wonderful blessing it is to play with my quickly growing daughter , that is NOT abundant life . I 'll take all the mindfulness stuff I can get . 43 Folders is powered by Drupal , which rules . The site was designed and made wonderful by the astounding Chris Glass . Ben Durbin is the sine qua non and our personal consigliere . 43f 's web hosting is sponsored by A2 . 43 Folders \u00ae is a registered trademark of Merlin Mann . All posts and comments \u00a9 their original owners . Everything else ( including the design ) is \u00a9 Merlin Mann , 2004 - 2010 . Merlin 's posts can be reused or republished solely in accordance with the BY - NC - ND Creative Commons License . Please do n't be a douche with our stuff . "}
{"url": "http://freebies4mom.com/tru10/?pfstyle=wp", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701152130.53/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193912-00310-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "\" I was originally from Fillydelphia , \" Dax replied , \" But then Princess Tia took me to Canterlot to live with her in the castle . \" \" Princess Tia ? \" Sweetie Belle asked . Twilight could n't help but giggle at Dax 's inability to pronounce ' Celestia ' , \" Why do n't the four of you go play a game , \" Twilight suggested with a smile . \" Hey Dax , do you know how to play hide - and - seek ? \" Scootaloo exclaimed . \" That was one of my favorite games to play with princess Tia and princess Luny ! \" Dax replied equally as excited . The four fillies then ran off to play their game . As Twilight watched the fillies have fun , her mind went back to what princess Celestia had told her about Dax ... . \" Come on in here , Daxelia ! \" princess Celestia called out the door she came in through . On command , a pony came in ... but it was n't somepony that Twilight was expecting . It was the little unicorn filly , Daxelia . Her left eye was a light blue color , but her right eye was silver . Twilight could sense something special about the Daxelia 's right eye . But she could n't quite explain what it was that she was sensing . But before she questioned what she sensed , she went back to her original topic . \" Excuse me , princess . But where is the social coach you said you 'd be bringing ? \" Twilight inquired . \" If you remember , I said I 'd be bringing somepony to help you be more social , \" princess Celestia said , \" But I never said anything about bringing a social coach . \" Celestia gave a sly grin . She may have been the ruler of all of Equestria , but she always enjoyed seeing Twilight 's reaction to her cryptic letters . \" But ... How is this filly supposed to help me be more social ? \" Twilight asked , now getting slightly frustrated . \" Twilight , would you come with me ? \" Celestia asked only to Twilight , \" I need to speak to you about little Daxelia . \" Twilight nodded and Celestia took Twilight outside to speak with her . \" Is everything okay ? Is something bothering you ? \" Twilight asked . \" Well , I 'm alright . But I 've been worried about my sister , \" Celestia said , \" Every night , she ... well ... let 's just say that she 's having trouble letting go of the past . I need to make sure that she 's alright and does n't try something stupid . But I ca n't do that and look after Daxelia as well . And that combined with ruling Equestria is n't as easy as I make it appear . \" \" But , Daxelia 's parents can take care of her , ca n't they ? \" Twilight asked curiously . \" Actually , that 's what I wanted to speak to you about , \" Celestia sighed , \" Daxelia ... is an orphan . On one of my trips to western Fillydelphia , where one of our friends were born and raised , I came across an old playground . Our friend spent most of his days there . In the jungle gym , I almost overlooked a young silver filly . \" \" Daxelia ? \" Twilight asked . \" Correct . I saw her just sitting there , crying , \" Celestia continued , \" I also noticed that she was very dirty and malnourished . When I asked her where her parents were , she just cried even more . I offered to get her something to eat . She accepted without hesitation . After she was fed , she was feeling better and was able to tell me that her parents died in an accident nearly a year earlier . \" \" That 's horrible ! \" Twilight said . \" She was also in need of medical attention , \" Celestia said , \" I took her to the Canterlot hospital . If I have n't have come when I did , Daxelia may not have made it . She had a temperature of 106 . When she was better , I offered for her to stay with me . \" \" Poor filly , \" Twilight said , \" But why did you bring her to me ? \" \" There are a couple of reasons for that , \" Celestia said , \" I already told you that with all I have to do , taking care of Daxelia would be too much for me to handle . But I also think that this will help you be more responsible . \" \" But I thought that you thought that I was responsible , \" Twilight said . \" Well , there are different types of responsibility , \" Celestia said , \" I see you as being responsible in the sense of being organized . But you do n't know about the responsibility of caring for a living being . \" \" But what about Spike ? \" Twilight asked , \" I raised him , and I take care of him . \" \" Well , that 's only partly true , \" Celestia said , \" You raised Spike with my help . And now he 's able to take care of himself , so you do n't really have to do much . But have you ever had to protect someone like an older sibling would protect their younger sibling ? \" \" Well ... no . I 'm the youngest in the family , \" Twilight said . \" But have n't you ever wanted to know what it was like to have a little sister ? \" Celestia said , making Twilight think , \" Think of it like this . This will be like a study of what it 's like to have a little sister . \" Almost instantaneously , Twilight said , \" I'LL DO IT ! \" \" One more thing I should mention , \" Celestia said , \" Daxelia has never been able to say my name right . She kept saying Celstia whenever she tried saying my name . So she has gotten used to calling me Tia . And she also calls Luna ' Luny ' . I 'm not sure if it 's a speech impediment , or just one of those little filly traits . She may grow out of it though . \" \" I think she may grow out of it , \" Twilight smiled , \" Between you and me , I used to call milk ' malk ' . \" \" I think you were still saying ' malk ' when I took you in as my protege , \" Celestia grinned , \" But try not to bring up the subject of Dax 's parents around her though . It 's still a sensitive subject for her . \" \" Alright , \" Twilight nodded . \" I 'm sure that little Daxelia 's story about Fluttershy 's mother staring down princess Celestia herself was over - exaggerated though , \" the two ponies heard Rarity say as they were heading back in , \" Who told you such an outrageous story ? \" \" I did , \" Celestia said as she walked in with Twilight , causing everypony 's jaws to drop . As Twilight watched the fillies play , her thoughts were interrupted by Spike , \" Hey , Twilight , you okay ? \" Spike asked , \" You seem distracted . \" \" Oh , it 's nothing , \" Twilight said , shaking her thoughts out of her head , \" I was just thinking back on what Celstia told me . \" Suddenly , Spike covered his muzzle as he tried not to laugh , \" What 's so funny ? \" \" You just called Celestia ' Celstia ' ! \" Spike snickered before he burst out laughing . Twilight just grinned sheepishly , a bright crimson hue on her cheeks . After a few hours of playing , it was finally time for the Cutie Mark Crusaders to go home . And it was good timing too , seeing as they all were exhausted , \" Alright , it 's time for you all to go home , \" Twilight said . \" AWWWW ! \" the four fillies whined . \" I 'm sorry , but I told the others I 'd have you back by dinner time , \" Twilight said , \" And it 's almost that time . I 'll walk you home . That way , Daxelia can come so you can at least spend a little more time with her . \" The fillies nodded in defeat and they all headed out of the library . But before they left , Twilight asked Spike to make a bed for Dax with one of his older beds . Once he agreed , Twilight then left . The first to be dropped off was Sweetie Belle , since the Carousel Boutique was the closest . After saying their good byes , they headed off to Sugar Cube Corner , where Rainbow Dash picked up Scootaloo . Afterwords , they finally headed to Sweet Apple Acres to drop off Apple Bloom . \" Hey there , Twi , \" Applejack greeted , \" Ah hope ' dat mah lil ' sis and the others didn ' cause too much trouble fer ya . \" \" No , of course not , \" Twilight smiled , \" I think they were having to much fun to actually cause any trouble . Your sister and the others get along great with Daxelia . \" Twilight and Applejack noticed Apple Bloom yawning , \" Well it looks like you had an exitin ' day , \" Applejack said , \" An ' it looks like mah lil ' sis and the others really did a number on lil ' Dax . \" Apple Bloom looked at Dax and giggled . Twilight looked down at Dax , who had just fallen asleep . \" Well alright , \" Applejack said , also in a quieter tone , \" Ah'll see ya'll later then . \" Applejack and Apple Bloom then headed inside while Twilight , with Dax on her back , headed back to the library . Once they reached the library , Twilight went in and used her magic to set Dax into the bed that Spike had set up . Then with her magic , she covered the little filly with a blue blanket . \" Hey Twilight ? \" Spike asked in a soft voice as to not wake up Dax , \" Now that you have Dax to take care of , does that make me kinda like a ' big brother ' ? \" \" I suppose you can look at it like that , \" Twilight replied , \" But you do know that being a big brother means being responsible , right ? You 'll have to protect her from harm and be a good role model . \" \" Well then ... I'll be the best big brother ever ! \" Spike said confidently while giving a salute . Twilight and Spike were distracted when they noticed Dax was beginning to stir , \" ... mommy ... \" Dax mumbled in her sleep . Twilight could n't hold back a tear from escaping her eye . She knew about her mother , and wanted to comfort the little filly . But she did n't know how . Twilight could n't help but feel that it was strange how she has only known Dax for a few hours , and yet she already had started a bond with her . Perhaps it was just knowing that she was an orphan that affected her . Nopony should ever have to see their parents die . \" Good evening , Luna , \" Celestia said as she walked up to her little sister , \" Have you had any luck in your search ? \" \" To be honest , I have not started my search tonight , \" Luna admitted . She wanted desperately to continue searching . But regardless , she has come to the realization that she was n't going to find him . Not in this way anyway . \" What are you still doing up ? \" \" I could n't sleep , \" Celestia said with a yawn . \" You miss her already , do n't you ? \" Luna said , turning toward Celestia , \" You miss her sleeping next to you in your bed . \" \" Well , you would too , \" Celestia said matter - of - factly , \" But I think remembering how I found her is bothering me . \" \" Did you tell Twilight Sparkle about her parents ? \" Luna asked . \" Well , I did n't tell her everything I know , \" Celestia said , \" I think she 'd be worried about her enough with just the knowledge of her being an orphan . I do n't think she needs to know ... \" The solar princess stopped in mid - sentence , unable to finish . Tears were beginning to roll down her cheeks . \" I understand , sister , \" Luna said , trying to comfort her sister , \" But you have to remember , it 's not your fault . You could n't have done anything . \" \" But I watched then get murdered , and I did n't even do anything to try to stop it ! \" Celestia sobbed , her face in her hooves . Luna then nuzzled her big sister to try to comfort her . \" You could n't have gotten to them in time , \" Luna said to try to reassure her sister , \" Besides , you left her in good hooves . Twilight may not know it , but she has a motherly aura . She is very nurturing . You could n't have left her with any of the others . Fluttershy is kind , but she 's better with animals than with fillies . Applejack and the rest of the Apple family would be an adequate choice , but they would expect Daxelia to do work that she may not be able to do . Rarity would generously take her in , but with her job , she might not give her the attention that she needs . Rainbow Dash might be an adequate choice as well , but she 's barely able to afford to take care of herself and Scootaloo , so somepony else to take care of is out of the question . And Pinkie Pie ... well ... she 's Pinkie Pie . \" That last comment managed to encourage a giggle from Celestia , \" I guess you 're right , Luna , \" Celestia said , \" And I am doing this for Twilight just as much as for Daxelia . \" \" That 's the smile I like to see ... Tia , \" Luna said with a smile , calling her sister by her nickname . At the Carousel Boutique , upstairs in one of the bedrooms , Sweetie Belle was in her bed sleeping . But she was n't sleeping peacefully . She was tossing and turning as she appeared to be having a nightmare of some sort . I 'm getting more into what happened to Dax 's parents in this chapter . And it seems that Celestia feels guilty for witnessing what she did . And what 's this about Rainbow Dash 's and Scootaloo 's living conditions ? And what could Sweetie Belle be dreaming about ? And I need some advice . I 'm thinking of doing a one - shot of Dax 's background about how she became an orphan and when Celestia took her in . 1 ) I want to know if that 's a good idea . 2 ) If you would like to submit OCs to use in that one - shot ( one of which being the murderer ) , please do n't hesitate . EDIT : I had to make a modification because the original version had Twilight say that she was an only child . But thanks to the Royal Wedding , that breaks continuity . So instead , I said that she was the youngest in the family . "}
{"url": "http://www.psu.edu/dept/nkbiology/naturetrail/speciespages/poisonivy.htm", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701169261.41/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193929-00319-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "When I was in high school and college , the bees ' knees in the English Department was William Faulkner . Accordingly , I acquired paperback editions of everything of his that I could , even shelling out larger percentages of smaller allowances for hardbacks for the works that were n't available in paper . Nineteen novels is a lot to read in one sitting , and , perhaps inevitably , I stopped about half way through , having read some of Faulkner 's more obscure works , and leaving some of his greatest works on the shelf . When we moved to Tucson last year , I drastically reduced the size of my bookshelf , and got rid of nearly all the fiction I had read . Which leaves me with a half - dozen or so Faulkner novels sitting on the new bookshelf , all in thirty - year - old paperback editions , their pages yellow with time . The books come from an age when blurbs were n't necessary , so there 's no description of the novel anywhere , only \" William Faulkner \" , as if this were enough . It makes me nostalgic simply to look at it . The writing also belongs to another time . It is n't that nobody is writing challenging fiction today , or long rambling sentences ( Infinite Jest , anyone ? ) It 's more the view of the South that Faulkner expressed in the mid-1930s . The novel I chose is The Unvanquished , which is set at the end of the Civil War , and it 's about as far away from contemporary Civil War novels as ribs from tofu . Faulkner 's stories reflect the ambivalence and confusion that must have been present , when people were n't sure exactly what was happening . The scenes of slaves moving along the road at night , following Sherman 's march to the sea as if for salvation , and the Yankees who are omnipresent one day and completely gone the next , made The Unvanquished a moving read . And quite frankly , it probably took me thirty years to forget all of the Faulkner scholarship that was so much a part of the English Department all those years ago . I 've mentioned the Lefsetz letter before , and his latest talks about the decline of the album format , largely because the iPod has changed our listening habits . Digital Audio Insider adds an additional factor that seems paramount to me : there is an endless supply of music to discover and explore . I 'm absolutely sure that I could get every purchased CD for free on the various file sharing sites , and there 's not that much music that I need to hear multiple times . I 've already noticed that when songs on commonly played playlists on the iPod get a play count over about seven , I 'm starting to get fairly tired of them . I 'd love to find a way to refresh the playlists with new but similar music , without going out to get all new CDs . Speaking of refreshing music , Eliot over at the Wired Listening Post offers a serious suggestion of how licensing might work in an environment that would support more unfettered downloading . The contemporary dance troupe Pilobolus came to Tucson last night , courtesy of UA Presents , and performed a show that was by turns breathtaking and light - hearted . Pilobolus was founded in 1971 as an improvisational troupe at Dartmouth College , and has grown to include two touring companies , an educational institute , and a commercial structure that has made commercials , including a widely - seen commercial for Hyundai ( below ) . Their movements are fluid , organic , and very impressive . The opening and closing numbers had the largest number of dancers and presented the most serious side of Pilobolus . The opener , Aquatica , is a 2005 commission from Dartmouth College , and told an impressionistic tale of a girl at the beach who finds a companion in the waves . The two women frolic in the water , swimming under rocks , riding horses and dolphins , all of which were performed by the four male dancers . At the end , the tide rolls back in and takes the companion back to the waves . It was a beautiful and exhilarating piece , set to the music of Brazilian film composer Marcelo Zarvos . It also set one of the themes of the troupe , which was how two or more bodies can come together to create shapes that are organic but not at all human ( the Flash display that introduces their web site contains a number of these shapes ) . The closing number , Day Two , from 1980 , also required six dancers , again , two women and four men , and contained a number of set pieces for three pairs of dancers . There were amazing human sculptures as the mixed couples performed nearly identical movements at the front of the stage , while the remaining couple slowly moved back and forth at the back of the stage in the most unusual poses . The music was from the Talking Heads ' Remain in Light , Byrne and Eno 's Life in the Bush of Ghosts , and some of Eno 's solo work from Another Green World . The numbers set to the Bush of Ghosts music were closely tuned to the religious overtones of the music , even including a stylized and ecstatic call to prayer over a worldbeat reading of the Koran . The recital included one other new commission ( also from Dartmouth College ) , a duet entitled Memento Mori . A suite of pieces with music ranging from Debussy to Bjork , the two dancers represented an elderly couple looking back on a lifetime together , and was by turns touching and comical . The show was rounded out with two shorter works from Pilobolus ' early years , both of which emphasized vaudeville roots in their movements . For the curtain call , they flooded the stage with water and came sliding across the stage in various poses , extending the dance movements even to the most mundane of theatrical activities . For those of us versed in the vocabulary of western art music , Bernard Parmegiani 's music is extraordinarily difficult to write about . Parmegiani studied directly with Pierre Schaeffer , musique concr\u00e8te 's inventor , and his early work is musique concr\u00e8te in the strict sense . But now he is a ProTools user , and some of the sounds in his recent work are almost certainly generated electronically . For some reason , the genre is peculiarly French , with nearly all the major practitioners located in France or Montreal . Similarly , all of the major theoretical writings on musique concr\u00e8te are written in French , virtually none of which have been translated into English . The first piece , Le Pr\u00e9sent Compos\u00e9 was released on his Violostries album a few years ago , but the other two pieces have not been previously issued on CD . The liner notes are in English and French , but the French texts are impressionistic and poetic , and the English often badly translated ( e.g. , \" Things we do automatically or deliberately , the aim of which is the inflect the instant towards a composed continuity . \" Clear ? ) It might be more helpful if the English - language notes explained some of the peculiarities of the titles . The title of the first movement might be translated as The Composed Present , the second movement as In the Meantime , and the third movement ( and for the suite as a whole ) as Just Plain Time . But there are all kinds of additional meanings . And the title for the suite , Plain Temps , is a homonym for Plein Temps , which means a full day 's work . The earlier version of Le Pr\u00e9sent Compos\u00e9 on Violostries was subdivided into four named sections , but all mention of the subdivisions have been removed on the new release , even though the silent separations still exist . After an annunciation chord , we hear a door opening and creaking on its hinges , with the last squeak prolonged and resonating as the annunciation is repeated , adding more and more overtones to the drone . The squeaking door is not only an auditory cue to enter Parmegiani 's sound world , but is a reference to one of the pioneering works in the genre , Pierre Henry 's Variations on a Door and a Sigh from 1963 . The door will return throughout the piece , as the listener goes from one of Parmegiani 's cinematic rooms to the next . The movement gets quite thick , with the high - pitched whistling layered on top of electronic percussion sounds . Very otherworldly , and it does n't really sound like anything else . I hear several different layers in the music , but I ca n't relate it to any kind of human agency , but little sound figures recur often enough to keep the music from being completely disorienting . Parmegiani 's music is n't disorienting , exactly , but I ca n't imagine humans playing it . The second movement , Entre - temps , opens with an amazing interplay between a ticking clock , turning pages , and background noise from general human activity . The middle of this movement is a long meditation developing a sound that reminds me of a wooden ball in a spinning roulette wheel . But the page turns again , and we 're back in a world of whistling sounds , perpetually rising and fading away . In the climactic last minutes of the movement , all of the preceding sounds come together and in a mysterious blend over a slow heartbeat before the ticking clock returns at the very end . The eponymous third movement opens with sounds that remind me of seagulls circling overhead , and perhaps these were the whistling sounds in the second movement . Several of the sounds introduced in the earlier movements reappear here , reminding me of a passage from Harry Mulisch 's novel The Assault : . Whenever he thought about time , ... he did not conceive of events as coming out of the future to move through the present into the past . Instead , they developed out of the past in the present on their way to an unknown future . Although the third movement is generally quieter than the preceding two , the work closes with the resonating squeaking door that opened the first movement , tying all three movements together into a unified whole . In Parmegiani 's music , the traditional musical elements of pitch , harmony , and pulse are replaced by a play of dynamics , gestures , timbres and resonances . His sounds extend themselves in unique and remarkable ways , as with the squeaking door whose resonance grows to fill the entire sound spectrum , or the wooden ball skittering over the pockets on the roulette wheel . These elements take the place of melodic themes in orchestral music , but retain the same degree of complexity and interest for the listener . One of the aspects of drone music that most appeals to me is the absence of a pulse , or at least of the binary pulse that stems from activities that we undertake as symmetrical beings , such as walking and dancing . One of musique concr\u00e8te 's epiphanies was the combination of removing the attack from a sound and putting the resonance in a locked groove , which enabled the listener to hear the inner workings of the sound during its potentially infinite repitition . Parmegiani 's squeaking door and other drones extend this same insight . The sophistication of his tools permits not only a deeper investigation into a sound 's resonance , but also provides the ability to layer many different sound objects in a much more polyphonic fashion than he could on his earlier works . He also manages to put percussive and rhythmic events in his music without adding a pulse . Inevitably , something of the event persists and resonates , which gives his music a sense of space that I find exhilarating . His drones are more investigations and prolongations of the resonance of his sounds , but his percussive sounds are fascinating in themselves as they provide melodic and rhythmic contours to the music . Parmegiani 's music , like much of the musique concr\u00e8te genre , is cinematic in the way it uses time . Most pop music , with its rock steady beat , moves at a fairly consistent rate . By combining silence in a sparse listening field with sound objects of great rhythmic flexibility and sophisticated melodic contours , Parmegiani slows down our perception of time , makes it seem to move more slowly , so that our senses are heightened waiting for the next sound events . The iPod discussion that started over at Dial M has continued . Apparently some people are surprised that classical music lovers have pop music on their iPods . The iPod is merely the most recent step in music reproduction devices towards increased convenience and decreased sound quality . There are plenty of times that these two factors are desirable , e.g. , during exercise , in the car , providing low volume background music at gatherings with friends , or late at night preparing for sleep . But often when I listen to classical music , I 'm often following along in the score or desiring a more close listening session , and as long as I 'm in my studio anyway , I 'll listen to the CD because the sound is better . Professor Gann uses his iPod to hold every piece he 's ever mentioned in class , so his iPod would probably have a lot of classical music , but it is most likely the convenience factor that leads him to use this tool . For all I know , he has a completely different iPod to hold his vast collection of microtonal speed metal . A while back , I mentioned that while my piano was being rebuilt , I would work on a computer prototype of a new piano piece . The work I selected was Dennis Riley 's Canonic Variations ( Piano Piece No . 1 ) . Riley was a professor at Columbia , but his compositions are poorly represented on recordings . He wrote three piano pieces fairly early in his career , all from the early 1960s when he wrote in a post - Webern style , using serial techniques . He died in 1999 . There is n't a lot of information about him on the web , but there 's a short CV here , and his papers are at the University of Colorado 's American Music Research Center ( Riley got his B.Mus . at Colorado ) . Riley 's three solo piano works are all published by C. F. Peters , and during the idealistic and fairly flush days of my youth ( when I was living at home ) , I picked up the scores for all three . Peters published Cage and Feldman , and had a whole booklet for their contemporary piano collection , which was probably how I picked these up . The first two pieces are collections of very short pieces , Six Canonic Variations for the first one , and Five Little Movements for the second . They are both conventionally notated and published on standard 8x11 paper . The third piece is completely different . Published more in a landscape format on larger paper , it uses the sostenuto pedal , has no time signature , lots of grace notes and complex rhythmic notations . There are three pages to the score : the first one has two staves that fill the page fairly normally . The second has nine system distributed on three lines , and three clear pieces of plastic with three more systems on each , which the performer should overlay on top of the page . This device provides a certain flexibility in performance , as presumably each performer will place the plastic differently . The use of plastic overlays is unique in my experience , although it 's certainly related to some of the unconventional notation that was in the air at the time . Anyway , as a fulfillment of the exercise , I 've posted an mp3 of Riley 's Six Canonic Variations . It 's only 90 seconds long . For my part , it was a worthwhile effort , and it might be fun to try something a little more unconventional next time . - Bob James , Fly By . Yes , smooth jazz . I feel somewhat sensitive about smooth jazz from years of abuse of the genre on jazz and improv mailing lists . But my wife likes smooth jazz , and we share much of the music on the pod . I will say that the smooth jazz players really rock when they play live , and that some summer evenings spent at a nice outdoor theater listening to Dave Koz and friends have been among the most pleasant ever . - Christopher Bissonette , Proportions in Motion . One of my first emusic acquisitions , Bissonette is an artist on the Kranky label who makes glitchy , droney ambient . According to the Kranky site , Bissonette uses piano and orchestral samples , but his sound most closely reminds me of Christopher Willits and other guitar ambient artists . - Green Day , American Idiot . I got introduced to Green Day 's music last summer at a family wedding . There is n't much else like it in our collection . I 've never been a huge fan of punk music , and studiously ignore top-40 music by avoiding commercial radio and other outlets where corporate record companies try to part this particular fool from his money . But I like Green Day . Their melodies are catchy , lyrics interesting , and their songs make for great driving music . - Univers Zero , La Tete du Corbeau . Out of all the pieces selected here , this one takes me the furthest back memory lane . In the late 1970s , a fondness for Mike Oldfield led me to try other artists on the newly - formed Virgin Records , which led me to Henry Cow , which in turn led me to Chris Cutler 's pioneering label and distribution operation , Recommended Records . I quickly became an ardent supporter of Cutler 's subscription model , and picked up virtually everything he released . One of the albums was Ceux du dehors , released by the Belgian group Univers Zero in 1981 ( the catalogue number was RR 10 ) . They 're now considered progressive rock , with this album reissued on the great prog label Cuneiform , but the instrumentation here is drums , keyboards , harmonium , violin / viola , and bassoon / oboe ( ! ) , and their lineage is usually tracked more to Bartok and Stravinsky than their proggy contemporaries . Their music was dark and scary , and could not have been further from rock in my young adult mind . Their track Combat , from this same album , reminds me of the great battle scenes in movies like Ran . - Austere , Puissant ( from the Drone Download Project ) . Stephen Phillips of Dark Duck Records has an project that 's starting its fifth year now , collecting tracks from various ambient artists and making them freely available for a short period of time . A very nice deep ambient collection which has pointed me to other releases by the artists involved . Since this is a track by Austere , let me also signal their release Eco , which is in heavy rotation for us at night . A significant portion of our iPod is taken with sleep music , and Eco is designed to be a sleep aid . - V\u00e4inmaa , Lauri , Maja ( from Urmas Sisask , Starry Sky Cycle ) . One of the most interesting discoveries I 've made this year has been composers from eastern Europe , including Sisask , Peteris Vasks , Pelle Gudmundsen - Holmgreen ( okay , he 's from Denmark ) , up to more prominent composers like Schnittke . Amazon had a fairly cheap compilation called Northern Lights , from which this track is taken . Sisask 's Starry Sky Cycle is a set of short works for piano , for which I hope to track down the score one of these days . I 've also been impressed with the vocal music from this part of the world , which Paul Hillier has documented on a number of Baltic Voices CDs . A nice way to use up my emusic subscription tracks at the end of the month . - Mick Karn , Bestial Cluster . I have a history of finding boutique labels and sampling their artists simply based on sharing the label with someone I like . As it turned out , Karn was the bass player in Japan , whose singer was David Sylvian , of whom I am also a big fan , but Japan was n't known to me at the time . ( Sylvian 's first solo album was on Virgin , which was how I discovered him . ) Karn plays fretless bass on his two CMP albums , and the music sounds a lot like the kind of twisted pop that I associate with Eno 's post - Roxy rock albums ( e.g. , Before and After Science , 801 ) . - Murcof , Reflejo . When I visit other hip urban areas around the country , I try to find the interesting independent record stores . I discovered Murcof at the Wall of Sound in Seattle a couple of years ago because they were playing Murcof 's Utopia album on the sound system while I was browsing . I had never heard of Murcof , nor of the Nortec Collective in which Fernando Corona played before going on his own , but Murcof plays a very pretty , minimal techno , similar to Frank Bretschneider . He uses piano and string instrument samples to make a very spacious sound . Reflejo is from his most recent album , Remembranza . - Emmy Lou Harris , Wrecking Ball . Sometimes it 's interesting to follow pop producers when they work outside of their usual sphere . Daniel Lanois collaborated with Brian Eno on some classic albums , including The Pearl ( with Harold Budd ) and Hybrid ( with Michael Brook ) . While I was following Lanois around , he produced this album for Emmy Lou Harris , of whom I was vaguely aware , but never having been a big country music fan , I had none of her albums . One amusing side note : I worked for a startup software company for a while , which was so small that all of the engineers ( four of us ) worked together in one room . The architect of the project did n't like headphones , so we had a boombox for the enjoyment of all . Our junior programmer only liked country music , which the architect hated , so the junior never got much of a chance to put anything in the rotation . I tossed this album in one day , and the junior and the architect got into a big argument over whether this album was country music or not . The ambient stylings and sort of rock background was so foreign to the junior that he could n't hear the clear and unmistakable country in Harris 's voice . I guess that makes this album a genre - bender , because I still do n't like country music that much ( although we did pick up Harris 's recent duet album with Mark Knopfler , Roadrunning ) . - Mono , 16.12 , from Walking cloud and deep red sky , Flag fluttered and the sun shined . Ah , post - rock ! I 've become a sucker for this kind of music recently , these epic instrumental tracks played with a standard rock instrumentation , but which seem to me to stem from classical influences just as much . The day we arrived in Tucson last summer , Mono played at the same concert as Pelican , another big name in this area , and to my great regret I was unable to attend ( due to just having arrived from a cross - country drive , etc . ) . Mono 's albums are on emusic , and with the length of the tracks , they make quite a bargain there . Last time I went on a CD - buying binge , one of the items I was seeking was Jenny Lin 's recent album , The Eleventh Finger . Two of her previous albums , Preludes to a Revolution and Chinoiserie , were in high rotation in my listening cycle because of their innovative programming and their unusual , and unusually playable , repertoire . As an amateur pianist with an interest in new music , I love to find 20th century repertoire that is within the reach of my technical and interpretive skills . In the 19th century , when recorded music did not yet exist , composers and their publishers actively courted musicians who made music at home . One of the consequences was that published music would cater to musicians of all levels . Chopin 's etudes were among the earliest piano works to be published that deliberately targeted more virtuosic players , and with the advent of Franz Liszt and the public recital , composer - pianists wrote flashy showpieces that they could use in concert to dramatize their skills . Virtuosity for its own sake has remained with us , in popular genres such as jazz and rock as well as classical music . In classical music , the most recent culmination of virtuosity for its own sake is the so - called New Complexity movement , whose intent is often to challenge performers to such an extent that audiences can hear the musician 's struggles . Sometimes the flash does n't come off as well in recordings as it does in concert , and generally I have avoided recordings of extremely difficult music , and most of the New Complexity movement generally . All of this background is merely to point out that The Eleventh Finger is an album of piano etudes . Although both of the earlier albums contained some virtuosic material , these pieces were balanced by more contemplative and less flashy works . Another significant difference from the earlier albums is that both Chinoiserie and Preludes focussed on early 20th century works , whereas the oldest piece on The Eleventh Finger was composed in 1977 , and most of the works on the album are premiere recordings . Musical language has changed considerably over the last century , and the works on The Eleventh Finger are representative of many of these changes . Only two of the seven composers represented were born before World War II , Gyorgy Ligeti ( whose last three etudes are included ) and James Tenney , and their works are the most appealing of the set . Most of the music all sounds very modern and complex to me , even though one of the works ( Claude Vivier 's Shiraz ) appears on Kyle Gann 's post - classic piano list . As long as I 'm mentioning Shiraz , let me say that it was one of the biggest surprises here . This album is my first exposure to Vivier , and everything that I 've read about his music led me to expect something quite different from this piece . In a Sequenza21 forum , composer Jeff Harrington suggested that Vivier 's music was \" very slow and weird \" , but Shiraz is n't like that at all . It opens and closes with repeated chords that almost sound like the beginning of Stockhausen 's Klavierstucke IX , but quickly moves on to other textures . Some of the textures are indeed kinda slow , but they do n't last long before they 're interrupted with something more brassy and assertive . The Eleventh Finger does share with Chinoiserie and Preludes a successful program for the CD as a whole . The fastest and most dramatic pieces bookend the collection , which starts with Arthur Kampela 's Nosturnos and closes with Shiraz . The remaining work on the album is Detail of Beethoven 's Hair , by Randy Nordschow , an arrangement of a work originally for piano and two percussionists . My lack of enthusiasm for this album should not be taken as a reflection on Lin 's playing , which is stunning throughout . As a pianist of middling capabilities , I do n't care much for pyrotechnics in general ( one of the reasons I do n't have many albums by Marc - Andr\u00e9 Hamelin either ) . I also realize that I have somewhat less patience for fast , dissonant music than I used to . Maybe I 've been listening to Feldman too much . As Kyle Gann pointed out in a recent post , \" Feldman discredited , single - handedly and forever , the traditional correlation of dissonance with violence or even anxiety . \" So I still like dissonance , but the complexity and speed are no longer areas of interest for me . The Eleventh Finger is available from emusic and iTunes , but the CD booklet has a nice essay by Steve Holtje that provides interesting background on the individual works . About Me . Cathedral . Cathedral was composed over a two - year period almost entirely from piano samples , plus a very few night - time crickets recorded in our wildflower garden in central Ohio . \" One majestic piece of drone music \" - Frans de Waard , Vital Weekly . Disclaimers . CD and book reviews on this site may include artwork from the work under review . In these cases the copyright belongs with the publisher . Other posts may have historical images and will have specific image credits included at the end of the post . In both cases , the copyrighted material is included as \" fair use , \" for the purpose of study , review or critical analysis only , and will be removed at the request of the copyright owner(s ) . "}
{"url": "http://culturalpropertyobserver.blogspot.com/2011/11/78-of-on-line-comments-against.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701159376.39/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193919-00162-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "\" All we ask is to be left alone \" . Regarding some of those who opposed secession , and continued to do so ... it did n't necessarily mean that they were ready to go to war against their neighbors and friends , in defense of their position . Instead , many preferred to be left alone . They simply did n't buy into what they saw as the folly of secession . In fact , what an assembly of Alabamians at Looney Tavern ( near present - day Addison ) said on July 4 , 1861 ( speculated date ... may have been early 1862 ) , sounds pretty much like that which Jefferson Davis said . Davis is often quoted by Confederate celebrationists ... \" All we ask is to be left alone . \" ... and the people assembled at Looney Tavery in Alabama declared pretty much the same thing ... . ... and yet , many Confederate celebrationists see these people as \" traitors \" . It 's peculiar enough that these celebrationists call other people , well beyond their \" realized memory \" , \" traitors \" , but it 's also peculiar to hear them say this ... and yet be so quick to dismiss the title for supporters of the Confederacy . Ah yes ... that word ... traitor ... . I wonder ... what is it , exactly , that Southern Unionists were betraying ? Is familial opposition to one cause over another considered ... treason ? Were the two sets of people ... Southerners , all the same ... so different ? What about that which they are said to have experienced ... . What I see are two sets of people with different visions for the future ... both being patriotic in their own right ... but , to each other ... traitors . Yet , you know , come to think of it ... it 's odd ... the assembly of persons at Looney Tavern appear to have never called secessionists , traitors . Perhaps it 's time to look back at what happened at Looney Tavern . At first , I thought that perhaps it best to wait until the 150th anniversary of the event , but , oh ... why not ... . In 1950 , a booklet titled Fact and Fiction of the Free State of Winston was prepared and printed in a limited edition for distribution on the occasion of the celebration of the 100th birthday of Winston County . In the section focused on the events surrounding the Civil War , Christopher Sheats was a pivotal character ... . He was elected by a good majority and kept faith with his people . Mr. Sheats with 22 other delegates refused to sign the secession resolutions . When he returned to Winston County the latter part of January 1861 , the weather was bad , as were the roads . But ... what of Winston County 's politics ? Winston was settled by the followers of Andrew Jackson . It was Democratic from the beginning until 1861 . During Jackson 's administration South Carolina passed the Nullification Act . Our people were with Jackson and against South Carolina , Calhoun , and Nullification . The Democrats controlled the County from 1801 to 1861 , with the exception of 12 years . There was never a day from the beginning of Washington 's administration until March 4 , 1861 , that the South did not have the President or Vice - President , and during Jackson 's first administration the South had both the President and Vice - President , Jackson and Calhoun . The people here then were proud of it , Jeffersonian and Jacksonian Democrats . It 's interesting to see that the author(s ) of this booklet also saw fit to define where they stood in the wake of the splintering of the Democrats ... and how the local slave situation played into affairs . Winston had only 14 slave holders with 122 slaves in 1860 . Less than 5 percent were slave owners . The Southern Democrats bolted the regular Democratic nominee , Stephen A. Douglas , in 1860 , because the platform and Douglas did not agree to permit the slave owners to carry their slaves into free territory where the people had voted it out . The bolters nominated a slave owner , or sympathizer , John C. Breckenridge of Kentucky , and Lincoln was elected President . The people of Winston supported the regular Democratic nominee , Mr. Douglas . So , back to that mass meeting at Looney Tavern on July 4 , 1861 ... . This decision being agreed to , six men volunteered to ride six days to let the people know about it , to publicize the meeting that they might have a good turn - out . Hence , they rode for six days , six men in different directions and sections ; all over Winston County , south Lawrence , northwest Blount , west Marshall , north Walker , northeast Fayette , east Marion , and southeast Franklin Counties . The Looney 's Tavern mass meeting was held as planned and as advertised on July 4 , 1861 , at which more than 2500 people were present form the counties aforesaid . A.B. Moore 's History of Alabama , Volume 1 , page 543 says : . \" Meetings and conventions were held in Fayette , Marion , Winston , and counties to the north in which a desire for neutrality was expressed . \" At the said mass meeting at Looney 's Tavern , July 4 , 1861 , Hon . \" Chris \" Sheats was the principal speaker . A committee on resolutions was appointed . When the committee reported it presented some resolutions which were overwhelmingly approved . The substance of the resolutions were as follows : . 1 st . We commend the Hon . Chas . C. Sheats and the other representatives who stood with him for their loyalty and fidelity to the people whom they represented in voting against secession , first , last , and all of the time . 2 nd . 3 rd . We think that our neighbors in the South made a mistake when they bolted , resulting in the election of Mr. Lincoln , and that they made a greater mistake when they attempted to secede and set up a new government . Therefore , we ask that the Confederacy on the one hand , and the Union on the other , leave us alone , unmolested , that we may work out our political and financial destiny here in the hills and mountains of northwest Alabama . On reading the second resolution , Uncle \" Dick \" Payne , a Confederate sympathizer , one of the few present , sitting back in the audience made the following remark , \" Oh , Oh , Winston secedes ! \" \" The Free State of Winston ! \" They just wanted to be left alone . Anyway ... . The Confederacy and Alabama had no patience for resistance , and , not all of Winston County 's citizens siding with the \" leave - alones \" attitude led to more problems . On November 30 , 1861 , those more secessionist in spirit held a meeting of their own , in which they petitioned Alabama Gov. John Gill Shorter , asking him to suppress the Unionists spirit in the county . The online Encyclopedia of Alabama states that the Winston Confederates asked Shorter to ... . ... require all of the county 's residents to take the Confederate loyalty oath , and to require the county to provide 250 Confederate soldiers . Shorter responded by issuing writs of arrest for those in the county who were actively disloyal to the Confederacy , and also demanding that militia commanders who would not take the oath of office resign . Is it so different than that which is said to have happened with Maryland , but with the Confederacy being the oppressor ? As could be expected , the enforcement of conscription soon began ... people were taken into custody , and according to the booklet from the 1950s : . Again , from the Encyclopedia of Alabama : . Although Winston County 's Unionists wanted to be left alone , the governments of the Confederacy and of Alabama did not oblige . The hill - country Unionists soon faced Confederate conscription beginning in 1862 and many fled their homes , seeking refuge from conscription agents in the county 's rugged forests and canyons . The natural bridge in western Winston County was said to have been a major gathering point for Unionists avoiding the draft or who had deserted from the Confederate Army . From Winston County , many of these Unionists eventually made their way north to the Tennessee River valley and joined the Union Army , most commonly enlisting in the First Alabama Cavalry , USA . A few of the county 's residents , including Bill Looney , served the Union Army by helping Unionists escape to the safety of Union lines . In July 1862 , Colonel Abel D. Streight led a detachment of Union troops into the hills to gather more recruits for the Union Army . The Unionist farmers who fled into the woods and to the Union Army to avoid the Confederate draft could not work on their farms . Hence , the county 's residents had difficulty growing enough food . Confederate impressment agents worsened matters by taking food and livestock from the county to feed the Confederate army . There 's more yet to the story , but I think that will do for now . The point is ... these people wanted no part in it . The iron hand of the Confederacy descended on them and forced them to comply and be part . In turn , those with ideals to the contrary ... they fled . Unable to survive ... and , in some cases , being rightfully enraged by the oppression of the Confederate forces ... many of these same people enlisted in the Union cause . They had had enough . So , in that these people had had enough ... and considering the parallels between their stories and those of the devout Confederates in opposition to the iron hand of the Union , were they really so different , one from the other ? Acknowledgment may not be welcome ... just because of the striking parallels , and because they begin to compromise the \" perfection \" of the Lost Cause narrative . I am curious as to the breakdown of those who voted against secession ; how many were Unionists and how many were of the Don't - Secede - Alone movement ? Of course people like Jeremiah Clemens complicate this question because he was a bit of both , but I suppose what I 'm wondering is how many of the no - voters at the secession convention were really Unionists and how many were really not . Not sure . I need to get a copy of Margaret Storey 's book , in the hope that she broke that down . I 'm equally interested in knowing how many of those 33 delegates who signed , and pledged to consult with their supporters and then act on their wishes , may have eventually gone against their personal feelings . What I 'm also finding to be rather remarkable are the instances in which people are labeled as Unionists in Alabama , and yet how that does not always mean \" of the unconditional variety \" . Sure , conditional Unionists can be found elsewhere ( as in Virginia , for example ) , but they are n't so openly labeled as Unionists in biographical sketches , and they are n't necessarily the same as the conditional wait - and - see Unionists that I 'm seeing in Alabama . You missed the point of my post . Additionally , those who make the claim that Confederate - supporting Southerners were oppressed , seem either ignorant , or conveniently forgetful that the Confederate government was itself , an oppressive government . The people of Winston county came from the same stock as the people of the hills of eastern Alabma . Most of their ancestors were from Scotland / Ireland and England . Most were pioneers and depended on the earth for a living . Their problems were that their political leaders had a deep influence on them and for the first time in their life were given attention by their county and state . During the beginning of secession talk only 17 % of the people in Alabama were for secession . [ Today it is 22%]The call to arms by lincoln to invade the south turned everything around . Most of the citizens supported the state and their bid for a new government . These people in no . west Alabama resisted thinking the federal government would protect them . When the draft was involked they fled to the enemy and swore to kill the soldiers who wore the gray . This is what made them traitors . There are actually a couple of issues worthy of lengthy discussion here . The first issue is that you call them \" traitors \" , 150 years , and many generations after the matter . What do you think , gives you the right to say so ? You only know of these people , and have no realized memory in connection with the same people . Second , it 's clear that you ca n't see the situation from both sides of the issue . It is just as easy to say that the people you call traitors , had just as much of a right to call those who sided with the Confederacy , traitors . They were both patriots in their own right , yet traitors to each other because they saw the future of Alabama under a different light . Are you equally able to see those who sided with the Confederacy as traitors ? My guess is that the answer is \" no \" , and that 's something that is peculiar in this entire discussion . \" When the draft was involved they fled to the enemy and swore to kill the soldiers who wore the gray . \" From what I 'm seeing , that was n't an immediate opinion . I challenge you to see how you would feel , resisting a new government in which you did not believe , being forced to leave your home ... after hoping that you would just be left alone . At what point would you , too , feel a need to exact revenge against those who made this happen ? When Jefferson Davis was arrested there were those who wanted him tried for treason . Lawyers advised against this and assured that the gov . would lose their case and Jefferson Davis would have to be restored as president and the south would be declared the winner of the war . In school we studied about winston co. There has been much written word in form of diaries and books about the unionist there . Even th state of Alabama called these people who armed theselves and fought against the confederacy TRAITORS . Even Noah webster in his book describes traitor as fitting all the descriptions of these people . The people of winston today have proven themselves good Alabama citizens and have not strayed from their values of good citizenship . Please ... the matters around why Davis , Lee , and others were not charged with treason ... there 's more to it all . Regarding Alabama 's Unionists who remained Unionists , they may have been traitors to those who felt differently about the future of Alabama , at that time , but you are n't them . Frankly , they deserve to be recognized and honored as those who did n't jump on the wagon of secession , that eventually took the South off the cliff in 1865 . They felt differently , and because they held to their principles , that means something greater than \" traitor \" . Search Cenantua 's Blog . Search for : . Archives . Categories . Follow Blog via Email . Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email . "}
{"url": "http://www.ultraclay.com/2010/06/sf_incanto.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701158481.37/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193918-00094-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "I am writing this article because I find that certain Liverpool FC supporters are still perplexed about what motivates Luis Suarez to do some of the things he does . For a few years , I have seen fans and media pundits try to offer their own interpretation on traits that are otherwise very recognizable to Uruguayan / South American football fans . You might be surprised to know that much of what influences his behaviour has to do with the football culture he was raised in , instead of it strictly being a product of his poor upbringing as certain pundits have guessed . So , to all Liverpool FC supporters , welcome to our site . Enjoy : 3 key things you that you probably did not know about Luis Suarez . Explained : . \" Why does Luis Suarez celebrate and play like a fan ? Does he really care for the clubs he plays for ? \" Answer : Luis Suarez grew up in a culture that highly cherishes tradition and history in football . Ask a Wigan supporter about their 1998 season , and they would surely laugh because it was \" 15 years ago ! Who cares ? \" However , a Liverpool FC supporter would become giddy at the prospect of talking about Liverpool 's 1964 league winning year . They are very different football cultures . The exact same dynamic exists in the Americas , especially regarding Uruguay / Argentina / Brazil vs. the rest of the continent . There is a certain adoration and regard for football history that the rest simply do n't find relevant . \" What was before , we see once more . Is our kingdom , a distant light \" . Both football cultures ( LFC and Uruguay ) share a relentless need to return to the glory days and re - create the mythical feats of old . The way Luis Suarez \" feels \" the game is different than how , say , Zlatan Ibrahimovic feels it . There is a popular South American saying that states : \" Countries have their history . Uruguay has its football \" . To Luis Suarez , completing a comeback win or scoring a dramatic goal is like re - creating the mythical feats and legends that he ( and every Sky Blue player ) grew up on and value to this day . For others it may seem weird to see a player care so much , but to me seeing Luis Suarez play like he does is very normal . Football is highly romanticized in the minds of these players and the result means more than a mere 3 points . While this is normal in South America , Luis Suarez has continued this tradition in Europe and formed strong bonds where he has played . It 's not surprising that Ajax supporters offered Luis Suarez an unprecedented farewell at the Amsterdam Arena , merely days after he had signed for Liverpool . \" Why does Luis Suarez go down easily at times ? Why does he often over - dramatize a foul ? \" Answer : In South America , doing this is necessary in order to survive as a forward . This is probably the most common question I 've read asked by certain media pundits , and it 's understandable . South America has a very different view on what is acceptable or not on the pitch . In South America , defenders are extremely crafty , subtle and can foul you three times in a play without the referee noticing . Most of the time , the only way to be given a foul ( well within the rules of the game ) is so over - dramatize the foul . You will likely see Carlos Tevez and Sergio Aguero react in the exact same way . Take two weeks ago , when Jonas Olsson ( West Brom defender ) fouled Luis Suarez for a penalty . I switched over to the English announcers , and they were contemplating whether it was a dive or not . I switched over to the announcers from Spain , and they were applauding Luis Suarez for \" finding the foul \" ( and it was a clear foul ) . This is a massive difference in interpretation . What Olsson did ( and had been doing all game ) was nudging and clipping Luis in a subtle way that would throw him off as the ball was arriving to him . What is often misinterpreted as \" trying to con the ref \" is usually Luis trying to highlight the subtle contact that the defender was trying to get away with . It is just the way he grew up doing things . As a child , it was re - inforced by family , friends , managers and the media that this is the correct thing to do . \" Why is Luis Suarez so darn combative ? Why does he never give up ? \" Answer : The Garra Charrua To someone like Luis Suarez , this concept is at the centre of everything he stands for as a football player . Just how \" You 'll Never Walk Alone \" has become synonymous with Liverpool FC , the concept of \" Garra Charrua \" has become synonymous with Uruguayan football for over 120 years . What is the \" Garra Charrua \" ? The dictionary definition is : winning despite mountainous expectations of the contrary . However , this concept , and what Luis Suarez represents on the pitch , is very different from the conventional ideas of \" never giving up \" or \" trying very hard \" . It is a romantic belief ( or duty ) to winning , supported by a century worth of fables about near impossible football feats . Each of these fables have been passed down generation after generation ... from grandfather to father ... father to son ... and son to grandson . You must understand that Uruguay is a very small nation of 3 million people ( half of Scotland ) . To its fans worldwide , as well as players and people of this country , there is something magical about this history and they feel strongly responsible ( and anxious ) with protecting it . However , the players must over - compensate for the country 's lack of population ( and talent compared to Argentina and Brazil ) with a surplus of effort and belief . Thus , this \" warrior spirit \" ( Garra Charrua ) is at the focal point of everything they grow up around , and it must be displayed even when playing for foreign clubs . Luis Suarez grew up valuing \" leaving your soul on the pitch \" more than just playing well because it is an integral ( and renowned ) aspect of his country 's football identity . Suggestion to LFC Supporters : If you ever make a flag that says \" Garra Charrua \" ( typically done on a light blue surface , written in black ) , it would actually mean the world to Luis Suarez . I hope this article clarifies a few things for Liverpool FC supporters . I decided to write this after visiting their beautiful city this summer and speaking to many of their supporters . So , the next time you watch Luis Suarez play , maybe his actions will make more sense to you . Brilliant article , well done to the author . I 'm a die - hard LFC fan and feel I know our talisman and Uruguayan football better for reading this . Uruguay YNWA with Liverpool fans . I 'm also a regular reader of a \" critical analysis \" LFC blog where the author is overly critical of Suarez in my opinion , probably due to his lack of understanding of the cultural differences you highlight . I would love to see your interpretations of some of the Suarez articles on that site as I think you 'd bring a side to the debate that is being missed at the moment ( liverpool - kop dot com ) . se les puede ganar a todos pero hay que tener en cuenta probabilidades , calidad del rival , momento futbolistico del rival y el nuestro , condiciones climaticas , localia , etc .. considerando todo eso y siendo lo mas objetivo posible : paraguay , chile , venezuela , peru , colombia , ecuador , argentina ) . paraguay , chile , peru son ganables . venezuela va a estar dificil , tienen una muy solida defensa y estan con con hambre ( dos centrales de dos metros , y rondon que siempre mete goles de cabeza ) . colombia y ecuador nos van a complicar muchisimo . y argentina probablemente sea derrota o empate . hace los calculos jajaj . con el que no estoy seguro es con chile . ( nicogf ) . paraguay ( ganamos ) , chile ( empate ) , venezuela ( empate ) , peru ( ganamos ) , colombia ( perdemos ) , ecuador ( empate o ganamos ) , arg ( perdemos ) . va a ser muy importante lo que hagamos al comienzo de estos partidos , pq al final se pone mas duro , con rivales dificiles . asi que hariamos entre 9 y 11 puntos . decis que da ? ? ? Castro is out beacuse of injury , like I previously assumed from the last 2 weeks ... but today he was on the bench as the ONLY Striker off it ..... with 3 on . This despite the fact they have Ifran . Yet he is out with unjury . Caceres is still out ... not even on the bench but is he expected to be fit in another week ? Rolin is available ...... he has played OK . He is at least Not injured . i know it 's old by that time even abreu was scoring goals xddd . but okay maestro does nt call - him up , this is the last proof of him playing for la celeste . tabarez is very mad at nacho for just some bad minutes vs france . ( in which he managed to assist forlan once ) . You do n't disappoint me , Nic , I would n't say so . Of course you have the right to say what you want . How far you want to exercise that right , you can only decide yourself . And yes , life 's good . Let 's keep that in mind . guess we all have the right to comment , and it is not a general rule that we should all follow and love the same players ( forlan , suarez , cavani ) . in my case i like nacho gonzalez , i understand football that way , and i m sorry if that does nt go with the way you see football . wait 6 years and he will retire , maybe then i 'll stop it ? the good thing is , i m not the main character of the blog , just a crazy guy with ideas . think of me like that , so do nt expect too much from me . i regret to disappoint you bro . guess if you dislike my stuff , quickest solution is to stop reading it . you have lots of comments from other people to enjoy . life 's good . \" if u are gon na follow nacho gonzalez , count me in i 'll be ur first fan \" was your reaction when Celeste24283050 opened a site . When Fox wrote a marvellous article about Luis , your reaction was : \" NACHO JUST SCORED VS . REAL MADRID B \" . I do n't think this is appropiate . I appreciate all the effort you put in LCB , but , please , keep your private hobbies private . Of course , the enchantment of LCB is that it sometimes strays off in all directions , but it 's all a matter of : HOW MUCH . The complete emphasis in this blog on Nacho is not in proportion to his significance . No manager would ever reject a player only for \" some bad minutes \" in a game , that his team did n't even lose . Ignacio Gonz\u00e1lez is undoubtabely a wonderful person and a decent football player - but NOT a material for a team , that expect to win international tournaments . His move to Spanish Second division bottom club proves just that . celeste24283050 but you watched the match nacho vs real madrid b ? if u did , surely he showed more than a lot enganche skills . as he always does . your argument may be , okay he 's in second division , come on , he did it wearing la celeste too . he did nt forget how to play this sport . watch the 2 times he touched the ball , smart & magic things happened : . another argument might be , okay it was israel ... you guys ca nt cover the sun with your thumb , come on , he also did it vs brazil ( twice ) , and in the 6 - 0 vs peru . vs japan , vs israel , vs norway , vs turkey , etc . search for those games . i just ca n't see nacho being in the starting 11 but i would n't mind seeing him in the squad . he can bring more to the table then eguren or alvaro fernandez ca nt understand why he 's called up . at least perez has been playing good latley for bologna but he is'nt getting any younger . Nico , Nothing against nacho , I think he is a great player , but I just do nt see Tabarez calling him up anytime soon . So working with what we have , this is a more realistic approach . _ _ cebolla____cavani___suarez . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ramirez___lodeiro _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ gargano caceres___________________mono _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ godin__lugano _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ muslera . Caceres likes to move forward giving cebolla more freedom to move inside and be creative . I would like to see ramirez play a more central role with lodeiro drifting wide to open up space and distribute the ball to suarez . Just like you said , offensive roles could be interchangeable , without compromising our defense of course In a perfect world we would have a taller 5 but i think gargano is an exceptional player who s only disadvantage is his height . Other than that I think he deserves that role . Just my say in things and my attempt to spark discussion and conversation ! foxfang , GREAT article by the way , one of my favorites . I enjoyed reading every sentence ! the real thing happens during the eliminatorias . btw celeste24283050 , you really watched nacho vs real madrid b ? he really showed the makings of an out - and - out enganche , and also scored . do nt u think he could come in handy for any second half in la celeste ? i have a great formation 4 - 1 - 2 - 3 . _ _ ramires____cavani___suarez . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ lodeiro___nacho _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ arismendi ? caceres___________________mono _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ godin__lugano _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ muslera . so we have many creative players : nacho , lodeiro , ramirez , even cavani and suarez are a bit too . a taller five who can run and pass the ball ... that s it . welcome football . those strikers could switch flaks any tiem , and the enganche rol can at times be occupied by nacho , ramirez , or even suarez and times . lodeiro can create and advance , but he will have to defend too , just like he did vs spain . well , all should defend . just like spain . but with PRESSURE ... uruguay just sits back . and lets touch the ball correctly , with strenght , precission and determination . AUTHORITY . Less tolerance of contact playing would also inspire defenders to play more clean , and rise up the real quality of defending , based more on the skill than on the strength of muscles . There was a time when sweepers use to dribble brilliantly out of their box . "}
{"url": "http://www.voltairenet.org/article179847.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701171770.2/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193931-00126-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "2011 WSOP Day 12 : Hellmuth Chokes and Prohibition Ends at the Mothership . Phil Hellmuth attempted to win his 12th bracelet , but John Juanda stopped him dead in his tracks . Hellmuth is stuck on 11 for an indefinite amount of time . Hellmuth ( a.k.a . God ) dressed all in black with a PH - logo hockey jersey and a black hat with his sponsor Aria . He also left the holographic sticker on the bill -- like all the cats in the hood wear their hats . The Man in Black walked into the Rio on Saturday with one thing on his mind -- winning a 12th WSOP bracelet . Hellmuth 's previous 11 bracelets were all awarded in hold'em events . When Hellmuth boasted he was the best hold'em player in the world , he had the credentials to back up his assertion -- that is if you based \" best \" on the player who had the most bracelets . Unfortunately , it 's how the media superficially ranks players . Then again , if no one was counting how many times you won a WSOP bracelet , I think a lot fewer pros would show up . For some poker players , it 's all about the Benjamins , while for others , it 's all about the bling . Hellmuth 's run in the NL 2 - 7 Lowball Championship was rather impressive considering the self - proclaimed \" best hold'em player in the world \" held his own against a stacked and juiced up field of 126 blood - thirsty , bracelet coveting card players . The usual suspects participated , but the numbers were boosted by a neo - generation of lowball players , many of whom accelerated the learning curve courtesy of the internet . One of the major drawbacks to Black Friday is that you ca n't learn how to play a new game quickly online anymore . Young pros grinded out thousands and thousands of hands to catch up legendary lowball aficionados , like Doyle Brunson and Billy Baxter , from anywhere to a couple of weeks to a couple of months . A couple of the new kids on the lowball block advanced to the final table -- Nick Schulman , Joe Cassidy , Steve Sung , and defending champion David \" Bakes \" Baker . Bakes was seeking his second bracelet and if he won , he was going to use his winnings to buy a Taco Bell franchise . BJ and I tried to persuade him to open up a Waffle House on the Strip . Nine players returned for Day 3 of the 2 - 7 Lowball Championship . The final table was seven - handed , so action was four- and five - handed at the onset . Greg \" fossilman \" Raymer busted out in 9th place and the final eight players consolidated to the pseudo - final table inside the Mothership . Before cards went in the air , the announcer issued a stern announcement reminding spectators about the no food and beverage rule inside the Mothership . Security was vigilant and would n't let anyone inside with contraband . It did n't bother me much because I ate a bunch of pharmies before I came to work , so I was already floating 16 inches above terra forma . Much like the TSA , the security check at the Mothership was just theatre . It 's absurd how any mook could walk off the street and enter the Mothership with a Glock or a kilo of cocaine , but security will insta - toss you into a make - shift gulag in the parking lot if you attempted to sneak in a bottle of water . I heard ugly stories about soccer fans in Argentina who piss into condoms and hurl them at opposing players , the refs , and even each other . It 's not like anyone was doing anything that disgusting inside the Mothership . I felt bad for an unfortunate media rep overpaid $ 2.50 for a banana in the Poker Kitchen , only to be told bananas were prohibited . Ah , the elusive forbidden fruit . We 're all professionals in the press and we 're not going to throw banana peels at Hellmuth -- at least not until the Main Event when he rides an elephant down the hallway . Instead of sitting on the media perch , I opted to hide my press badge and I sat in the audience of the Mothership in my first undercover assignment of the WSOP . Yep , embedded with railirds once again . I snapped this photo with my CrackBerry ... . The fun police were out in force with signs were everywhere reminding spectators about the fragility of the $ 1,000,000 set . Protecting their production company 's investment was the utmost priority , while getting snookered in Sin City was considered a crime punishable by getting trampled by 1,000 donkeys . Alas , the crowd was very subdued , almost as if they were al crocked on Valium , because of the production crew 's staunch policing of the Mothership . At times the final table sounded like a library . It was so quiet , I spotted three people sleeping -- an old guy in a Hawaiian shirt and two Japanese guys with their luggage ( they apparently needed a spot to crash before they went home ) . Single draw lowball is as exciting as clipping my toenails . The majority of the spectators , even the hardcore Hellmuth - heads , were not paying attention to anything . Single Draw Lowball ? Unlike . After Joe Cassidy busted in 8th place , the final table was officially set . Every player among the final seven had won at least one bracelet and the final table combined for 19 bracelets ( Hellmuth 's 11 to the rest 's 8) . I do n't now exact numbers , but Event # 16 might be one of the blingiest tables in recent memory . Neil Channing ( witty British pro , sensei , bookmaker , and backer ) sat in the last row of the audience , near our media perch . Channing and Benjo were engrossed in heated , yet funny conversation , determining a wager on the eventual winner of the lowball championship . Channing hand - picked Bakes , Nick Schulman , and Richard Ashby , meanwhile Benjo had the field ( Hellmuth , Juanda , Steve Sung , and Hasan Habib ) . \" I 'm a sucker , \" lamented Benjo . \" But we 're betting in U.S. dollars , it 's only toilet paper , so who cares ? \" Benjo would get the last laugh when Juanda thumped Hellmuth . Hassan Habib busted in 7th , which set off a flurry of other eliminations -- Bakes , Schulman , and Sung quickly followed . All of a sudden , three remained : Richard Ashby , Juanda , and Hellmuth . Ashby attempted to win a bracelet in consecutive years in addition to becoming the third Brit to win a bracelet in 2011 . Unlike Jake Cody 's boisterous rail , only a handful of rather quiet Brits ( led by Neil Channing ) were around to show their muzzled support . Without booze and a mission to binge drink and chant football fight songs , the Brits , or anyone for that matter , had nothing to cheer about , which did n't really matter though for the Brits because Ashby busted in third place . Heads - up was set -- Hellmuth vs. Juanda . Action was paused and Tony , head of security , securely passed off the bracelet in its box . The staff placed the bracelet on the table and it glistened underneath the blazing lights of the Mothership . Talk about intimidating . The shimmering bling was within Hellmuth 's immeadiate grasp . Only one person -- John Juanda -- stood in his way . Ty ( WSOP Head Honcho ) and Mori ( head of Poker Productions ) walked onto the set , each clutching a bottle of Miller Light . Ty jumped on the microphone as I was about to flame both of them on Twitter for breaking the no booze rules ( how dare they taunt us ! ) , when all of a sudden , Ty announced that prohibition was over ... and more importantly ... that Mori was buying a round of drinks for everyone . Kudos to the WSOP and Poker Productions for doing the right thing and understanding how beer and poker is America 's second past time . I 'm so happy that America got its freedom back , so now , the terrorists wo n't win ! The powers to be reversed their decision after the public 's outrage over the final table booze ban . They determined a few rotten apples were not going to spoil the entire orchard . I 'm glad all the suits , big wigs , and even Dick Cheney read my rant from the other day -- Banning Booze , World Series of Mormons , and Sweating the Mavs . Once the pubic heard they could once again drink inside the Mothership , the stands quickly filled up . Coincidence ? Heads - up play lasted three long , arduous , painful hours . Hellmuth began the final table as the chipleader and extended his lead by gobbling up chips like Pacman gobbling up pills while being chased by multi - colored ghosts . Hellmuth held a 3 - 1 margin over Juanda at the start of heads - up play . If anything , Hellmuth needed a quick knockout blow , otherwise he 'd lose momentum and Juanda was gon na \" alligator blood \" him all night as night spilled into morning . In a turtle race , Juanda will win every time . I witnessed Juanda 's epic victory at the WSOP Europe in London when he won a marathon heads - up battle against RRG ( random Russian guy ) . Juanda proved he had the patience and stamina to wait out an anxious Hellmuth . He did everything possible to slow down the match . At that juncture , with the entire eyes of the poker world on Hellmuth , the Poker Brat had everything to lose , while Juanda was under no pressure at all . It 's not easy to make a final table these days , a thought that must have trickled into Hellmuth 's mind 's airspace at least once during their three hour ordeal . How many times will Hellmuth get a shot at another bracelet over the remainder of the decade ? None ? Juanda chipped away and away and away and eventually snagged the lead . The tedious match was rough on the crowd because there 's no flop , turn , or river to sweat . One spectator described the final table as \" exciting stuff . \" He was kidding , of course , and launched into a tirade on how all events at the WSOP should be either five - card stud or seven - card stud . No , he was n't an incontinent 90-year old man who looked like Edward G. Robinson , but he looked more like an obese truck driver with massive sweat stains under his arm pits . Luckily the booze killed some of the boredom and quelled a potential spectator mutiny . Whenever Juanda won a pot , a sauced guy in the crowd screamed , \" Finish him ! \" On the final hand , Hellmuth moved all in for his last 500 K in chips and stood pat with Q-10 - 8 - 5 - 2 . Juanda tank - called before drawing one with Jack - high . Juanda dramatically waited to peek at his card before he tabled it and exposed one of the outs he needed to make a Jack - low . Juanda dragged the pot , won the tournament , and kicked Phil Hellmuth in the junk . Hellmuth has a reputation for being a sore loser , but in this rare instance of grace , he calmly shook Juanda 's hand before motioning to his wife that he wanted to get the fuck out of Rio before he was ambushed by UB haters . Juanda won his fifth bracelet and thwarted Hellmuth 's attempt at # 12 . I 'm sure this is n't the last time we 'll hear from Hellmuth ; if he plays a significant volume of events this summer , he 's guaranteed to advance to another final table . If not , maybe he 'll get another shot next year . Regardless , the entire Rio ( and poker community for that matter ) gets enraptured by Hellmuth mania whenever he has a shot at closing in on 12 . For the press , it 's a big story . For stat geeks , it 's a milestone . For friends and fans of Hellmuth , it was their moment of glory . And let 's face it , Hellmuth haters were the ones who followed along with the most fervor . The moment Juanda won , the haters relished in Hellmuth 's schadenfreude . Juanda Shows Off His Bling aka Hellmuth Repellent . I arrived at the Rio later than usual to avoid the Running of the Donks . Saturdays are reserved for Donkaments and 3,157 weekend warriors bought into the weekly slaughterfest . I made my way down the corridor and overheard a guy in a Danny White jersey say , \" I hate all poker players except two : Phil Spivey and Unabomber . \" Cancer survivor David Diaz was awarded his bracelet and he requested the Honduras national anthem , which was one of the longest I 've ever heard since the WSOP started playing anthems at ceremonies . I thought the Allman Brothers Band 's 34-minute version of Mountain Jam off of Eat a Peach was long , but the Honduras anthem came close . To quote Slater from Dazed and Confused , \" You ca n't handle that shit on strong acid , maaaaaaan ! \" On a lark , I decided to bet on Mucho Macho Man in the Belmont Stakes . My blind loyalty to Randy \" Macho Man \" Savage encouraged me to wager on that horse . I collected $ 10 from Benjo and headed to the sportbook with AlCantHang . We ran into Caity along the way and she joined us at the packed sportsbook . We all split a $ 40 ticket on Mucho Macho Man -- and the horse lost . At least it was a good sweat -- all two minutes worth . Who am I kidding ? Horse racing is one of the most degen forms of gambling ever invented . I prefer betting on proper sports because it 's a sustained high . I had a long chat with Tony Dunst about how poker is sports entertainment and not a sport . At times it 's really show business and not exactly a test to determine poker prowess . I watched some of the final table for Event # 15 $ 1,500 PLH . Allen \" Chainsaw \" Kessler lost heads - up against Brian Rast , who returned from a trip to Brazil a mere three hours before cards went in the air . Antonion Esfiandari persuaded Rast to play and staked him . Good thing Rast played , eh ? Chainsaw had a motley crew of supporters on the rail , but even Chainsaw 's freak show could n't help him get over the proverbial hump . Chainsaw was a runner - up once again , As soon as Rast won , he ordered a round of beers for his family , except the Rio did not have any Blue Moon for him to consume . Instead , he got a Miller Light . Bad beer beat . While watching Chainsaw 's final table , one foul - smelling railbird rudely refer to a cocktail waitress as a \" servant . \" It 's hard to shock me these days , but hearing that condescending remark confirmed how a small group of poker players are spoiled dickheads . I betcha that tard was a shitty tipper too . I hope he gets rolled by a hooker . Benjo told me the story of the day ( via Neil Channing , who told it to him ) . During last year 's $ 50,000 Players Championship , all of the players were given a special $ 100 food comp ( compared to a paltry $ 10 comp for playing in regular events ) . Ivey was chewing gum and it went stale . He wanted to toss it out but could not find any paper . He pulled out the $ 100 food comp and tossed his wad of gum in it , rolled up the comp into a ball , and tossed it in the trash . "}
{"url": "http://razorblade-cookies.blogspot.com/2014/06/even-more-drama-drama-drama-on-roleplay.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148475.34/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00033-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "The Canadian Privacy Law Blog : Developments in privacy law and writings of a Canadian privacy lawyer , containing information related to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ( aka PIPEDA ) and other Canadian and international laws . If you want more info on the national DNCL , you can check out some past posts and these resources : . The Open Rights Group in the UK is planning to crowdsource a photographic survey of the United Kingdom 's surveillane aparatus on October 11 . Participants are encouraged to : . Spot something that embodies the UK 's wholesale transformation into the surveillance society / database state . Subjects might include your local CCTV camera(s ) , or fingerprinting equipment in your child 's school library . Snap it . A system designed to track motorists in the UK is being expanded to collect fifty million automobile movement records for five years , instead of the already intrusive two years originally announced . Alread pervasive CCTV cameras are being upgraded to capture license plates , adding to what is being said to be the largest oracle database in Europe . This recent case was brought to my attention today : R. v. Ward , 2008 ONCJ 355 ( CanLII ) . The decision is a ruling on a charter motion on whether evidence in a child pornography investigation should be admissible after the police obtained the identity of an internet user from an ISP without a warrant . Acting on a pretty solid tip from Germany , police identified three IP addresses that were associated with dealing with child pornography . Instead of getting a warrant , the police when to the ISP , Bell Sympatico , and got the name and address of the subscriber associated with the IP address . ( I have no doubt that the tip would be enough to get a warrant . ) Justice Lalande distinguished this case from R. v. Kwok , by pointing out that the user agreement with Bell Sympatico reduces if not destroys any reasonable expecation of privacy that the user may have . In order for a warrantless search to be reasonable , there has to be no reasonable expecation of privacy . Some may recall the hubbub in 2006 when Bell Sympatico changed its terms of use , which many thought was a harbinger of the revival of lawful access . The ISP denied it and Bell media relations types said they 'd only hand over customer information with \" court ordered warrants \" though the terms of use purport to permit disclosure \" upon request \" from a government . In this case , the conclusion seems to be that the customer has an expectation of privacy in their name and address unless the ISP has actively taken steps to remove it . Interesting . Here 's an interesting intersection of privacy and access to information . There 's been some buzz on the internets suggesting that Republican VP nominee Sarah Palin has been using personal e - mail accounts to thwart freedom of information legislation . See : Sarah Palin Emails : Sarah Palin 's Personal Emails . The US Department of Homeland Security is warning government types travelling internationally that their electronic devices may be subject to seizure or intereception . Oh noes ! Imagine such a threat to privacy and security ! The Globe & Mail is running a series on privacy and social networking sites , particularly Facebook . I 'm not sure that readers of this blog will be shocked at what 's posted online but it 's still an interesting read : . On Monday , look for Part 2 of the series in Report on Business : Matt Hartley looks at how social networks have affected consumer privacy and reports on the federal privacy commissioner 's plans to safeguard consumer information . And on Tuesday , we 'll run Part 3 - David Hutton reports on the efforts that one Canadian - based social network is making to root out underage users , who , studies show , can be far more revealing than older social networkers . Earlier today , the Nova Scotia government came under fire for introducing a new form for driver 's licence renewals that asked applicants to say whether they had any kind of mental illness . ( Critics : Do n't tie driver 's licence renewal to psychiatric history ) Too much information , I say . So says the FOIPOP Review Officer , Dulcie McCallum . Apparently anyone who checks off affirmatively will be required to provide a medical report detailing their mental illnesses , which may be referred to a medical panel to determine fitness to drive . The question is so broad that it would capture loads of irrelevant information , including a bout of post - partum depression twenty years previously . Of course , many people will lie to keep their licences . The form was introduced to replace a form that many called confusing . What 's most interesting is that the government promptly pulled the form and went back to the old one . \" They should not be collecting personal information on this basis , \" Dulcie McCallum , the province 's Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy review officer , said . \" It 's completely unnecessary . \" That kind of information has historically been used against people , she said . \" It goes kind of to the heart of things that are most intimate and that people want most protected , \" Ms. McCallum said . \" You ca n't make any assumptions about people . You ca n't have a policy that automatically creates a different standard for people . There 's no evidence to support that somehow psychiatric challenges make you more or less of a bad driver . It would be more appropriate to ask if people were taking any prescription medication that could affect their driving , she said . That does n't connect it to any particular illness or disability or historically disadvantaged group and it may be a bona fide question , \" she said . David Fraser , a Halifax lawyer who specializes in privacy law , said the province deserves credit for acting quickly to fix its error but questioned whether reverting to the old form would solve the problem . It sounds to me like an interesting response , \" he said . \" I 'm not sure if it 's to everybody 's benefit if they 're going back to a form that had previously been confusing . Today , we 're announcing a new logs retention policy : we 'll anonymize IP addresses on our server logs after 9 months . We 're significantly shortening our previous 18-month retention policy to address regulatory concerns and to take another step to improve privacy for our users . Back in March 2007 , Google became the first leading search engine to announce a policy to anonymize our search server logs in the interests of privacy . And many others in the industry quickly followed our lead . Although that was good for privacy , it was a difficult decision because the routine server log data we collect has always been a critical ingredient of innovation . We have published a series of blog posts explaining how we use logs data for the benefit of our users : to make improvements to search quality , improve security , fight fraud and reduce spam . Over the last two years , policymakers and regulators -- especially in Europe and the U.S. -- have continued to ask us ( and others in the industry ) to explain and justify this shortened logs retention policy . We responded by open letter to explain how we were trying to strike the right balance between sometimes conflicting factors like privacy , security , and innovation . Some in the community of EU data protection regulators continued to be skeptical of the legitimacy of logs retention and demanded detailed justifications for this retention . Many of these privacy leaders also highlighted the risks of litigants using court - ordered discovery to gain access to logs , as in the recent Viacom suit . Today , we are filing this response ( PDF file ) to the EU privacy regulators . Since we announced our original logs anonymization policy , we have had literally hundreds of discussions with data protection officials , government leaders and privacy advocates around the world to explain our privacy practices and to work together to develop ways to improve privacy . When we began anonymizing after 18 months , we knew it meant sacrifices in future innovations in all of these areas . We believed further reducing the period before anonymizing would degrade the utility of the data too much and outweigh the incremental privacy benefit for users . We did n't stop working on this computer science problem , though . The problem is difficult to solve because the characteristics of the data that make it useful to prevent fraud , for example , are the very characteristics that also introduce some privacy risk . After months of work our engineers developed methods for preserving more of the data 's utility while also anonymizing IP addresses sooner . We have n't sorted out all of the implementation details , and we may not be able to use precisely the same methods for anonymizing as we do after 18 months , but we are committed to making it work . While we 're glad that this will bring some additional improvement in privacy , we 're also concerned about the potential loss of security , quality , and innovation that may result from having less data . As the period prior to anonymization gets shorter , the added privacy benefits are less significant and the utility lost from the data grows . So , it 's difficult to find the perfect equilibrium between privacy on the one hand , and other factors , such as innovation and security , on the other . Technology will certainly evolve , and we will always be working on ways to improve privacy for our users , seeking new innovations , and also finding the right balance between the benefits of data and advancement of privacy . Canada celebrates Privacy Awareness Week by helping businesses improve privacy practices . Ottawa , August 27 , 2008 -The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada ( OPC ) today launched a new tool to help businesses evaluate their privacy practices and compliance with Canada 's private sector privacy law . The launch of the tool coincides with Privacy Awareness Week , which is organized by the Asia Pacific Privacy Authorities ( APPA ) and runs from August 24 to 30 . The OPC 's new Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act ( PIPEDA ) Self - Assessment Tool is made up of two parts : . A compliance guide , which informs organizations of their obligations under PIPEDA and outlines what organizations must do to meet these obligations ; and . A diagnostic tool , which gives organizations a series of checklists they can use to assess how compliant they are with the 10 Fair Information Principles of PIPEDA . With the results of this self - assessment , organizations will be able determine the weaknesses in their privacy systems and understand the risks they pose for the business and customers . It will also help them ensure they dedicate the appropriate resources to ensuring privacy compliance . \" Good privacy practices are good for business , \" says Privacy Commissioner of Canada , Jennifer Stoddart . \" More and more , organizations are realizing this , and by giving them an efficient and effective means of evaluating and improving their privacy practices , they can develop a competitive advantage . \" The theme for this year 's Privacy Awareness Week is \" Privacy is your business \" . During the week , participating countries , such as Canada , which is a member of APPA , can promote privacy responsibilities within the public and private sectors , and raise awareness of the public 's privacy rights . One of the most interesting phenomena ( at least to me ) is that privacy is not only being taken away on a number of fronts , the wider front is the mass surrender of privacy by the millions of people who put loads of personal data online . Some people may think it 's ironic that I 'm on Facebook or Flickr , but I 'm pretty mindful of what I put online and who is my \" friend \" . When I was young and foolish , I posted stuff that 's still to be found on the internet . Nothing scaldalous : stuff like a travelogue of a visit to Romania and contributions to listservs about academic freedom . But kids these days , armed with digital cameras , are posting vast quantities of personal information that will hang around for years . And is there for those who may not be their friends . I happened upon an interesting illustration of this on MetaFilter today ( It 's not dead , it 's just resting MetaFilter ) . Check out these two videos in which private investigator Steve Ramblan discusses his tradecraft : . Hope2604 - Privacy Is Dead - Get Over It In 2006 , privacy expert Steven Rambam 's two hour panel was disrupted by federal authorities who arrested him at the conference just prior to its commencement . In the end , he was completely vindicated and went on to finally give his talk several months later to a packed house at a local university . This year , Steven will be on for three hours , in part to make up for what you may have missed last time , but mostly because what he says about the state of privacy in our society will captivate you . Since 1980 , Pallorium 's investigators have successfully closed more than 9,500 cases , ranging from homicide investigations to missing persons cases to the investigation of various types of sophisticated financial and insurance frauds . Steven Rambam has coordinated investigations in more than fifty ( 50 ) countries , and in nearly every U.S. State and Canadian province . Please note that I am only able to provide legal advice to clients of my firm . If you have a privacy matter , please contact me about becoming a client . I am not able to provide free legal advice . Any unsolicited information sent to David Fraser may not be protected by solicitor - client privilege . The views expressed herein are solely the author 's and should not be attributed to his employer or clients . Any postings on legal issues are provided as a public service , and do not constitute solicitation or provision of legal advice . The author makes no claims , promises or guarantees about the accuracy , completeness , or adequacy of the information contained herein or linked to . Due to professional ethics , the author may not be able to comment on matters in which a client has an interest . Nothing herein should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent counsel . This web site is presented for informational purposes only . These materials do not constitute legal advice and do not create a solicitor - client relationship between you and David T.S. Fraser . If you are seeking specific advice related to Canadian privacy law or PIPEDA , contact the author , David T.S. Fraser . "}
{"url": "http://www.portlandart.net/archives/2012/11/cnaas_2013_anno.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148558.5/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00252-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Spillionaires ' : Profiteering in the Wake of the BP Oil Spill . The oil spill that was once expected to bring economic ruin to the Gulf Coast appears to have delivered something entirely different : a gusher of money . Some people profiteered from the spill by charging BP outrageous rates for cleanup . Others profited from BP claims money , handed out in arbitrary ways . So many people cashed in that they earned nicknames -- \" spillionaires \" or \" BP rich . \" Meanwhile , others hurt by the spill ended up getting comparatively little . Fire boat crews battle the blazing remnants of the Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf of Mexico , April 21 , 2010 . In the end , BP 's attempt to make things right -- spending more than $ 16 billion so far , mostly on claims of damage and cleanup -- created new divisions and even new wrongs . Because the federal government ceded control over spill cleanup spending to BP , it 's impossible to know for certain what that money accomplished , or what exactly was done . Some inequities arose from the chaos that followed the April 20 spill . But in at least one corner of Louisiana , the dramatic differences can be traced in part to local powerbrokers . To show how the money flowed , ProPublica interviewed people who worked on the spill and examined records , including some reported earlier by the New Orleans Times - Picayune , for St. Bernard Parish , a coastal community about five miles southeast of downtown New Orleans . Documents show that local companies with ties to insiders garnered lucrative cleanup contracts and then charged BP for every imaginable expense . The prime cleanup company , which had a history of bad debts and no oil - spill experience , submitted bills with little documentation or none at all . A subcontractor charged BP $ 15,400 per month to rent a generator that usually cost $ 1,500 a month . A company owned in part by the St. Bernard Parish sheriff charged more than $ 1 million a month for land it had been renting for less than $ 1,700 a month . Assignments for individual fishermen followed the same pattern , with insiders and supporters earning big checks . \" This parish raped BP , \" said Wayne Landry , the chairman of the St. Bernard Parish Council , referring to the conduct of its political leadership . \" At the end of the day , it really just frustrates me . I 'm an elected official . I have guilt by association . \" The economic benefits that rippled through St. Bernard Parish were seen in varying degrees throughout the Gulf . In the six months after the spill , sales tax receipts , a key measure of economic activity , rose significantly in eight of the 24 most affected communities from Louisiana to Florida , despite the national recession . Only one community , in Mississippi , saw its receipts dip significantly . Local governments also profited . A recent story by the Associated Press found that governments along the coast used BP money to buy SUVs , Tasers and other equipment not necessary to clean up oil . According to sales tax collections , Louisiana made out better than anywhere . Sales tax collections from Plaquemines Parish rose more than 71 percent , while St. Bernard saw the biggest jump of all . The parish collected almost $ 26.8 million in sales and lodging tax receipts in the six months after the spill , almost twice as much as over the same period in 2009 . Flush with cash from cleanup and claims , many fishermen bought new toys , boats and trucks . Sales at the nearest Chevrolet dealer rose 41 percent . Some of the influx of money can be traced to the efforts of St. Bernard 's parish president , Craig Taffaro Jr. , a 45-year - old psychotherapist with a wrestler 's build , a cue - ball head and a trimmed goatee . Louisiana Gov. Jindal joins local officials , restaurant owners to rally for Louisiana 's seafood industry , June 14 , 2010 . Photo : Louisiana GOHSEP via Wikimedia Commons . Just days into the crisis , Taffaro did what many parish presidents did : He invoked a Louisiana law that allowed him to declare a 30-day emergency and handle the crisis without most normal government checks and balances . But Taffaro used his powers more broadly than most , saying that he wanted to put money back into the community . Unlike the leaders of other Gulf communities , Taffaro -- not BP -- chose the prime contractor that supervised the cleanup . He and his allies also decided which fishermen would be hired to put out boom and search for oil . At one point , Taffaro hired his future son - in - law to work in the finance department and help on the spill . In some ways , parish residents seemed to view the disaster and BP 's culpability as a way to recover from earlier blows . More than other coastal communities , St. Bernard bore the brunt of Hurricane Katrina , which flooded almost every home in August 2005 . The population dropped almost in half , from about 67,000 in 2000 to about 36,000 in 2010 , largely because people did n't come back after Katrina and the hurricanes that followed . Before the spill , the parish slashed its budget by 11 percent , cutting garbage collection , the fire department and mosquito control . There was just no money . The spill changed that . Fishermen were paid to lay out protective boom , the floating material used to corral the oil . Contractors were hired to manage the cleanup and provide security . Claims money began flowing to people who said their lives had been upended by the crisis . The parish government was among the first to benefit , snagging a $ 1 million check for oil - spill expenses . Parish employees went shopping for cameras , printers , a file cabinet , staplers , six pairs of children 's scissors and 712 shirts emblazoned with the parish name . Some of the money also went to overtime pay for more than 40 parish employees , including three who claimed overtime for picking up dog food for the animal shelter . St. Bernard 's homeland security director , David Dysart , a salaried employee and Taffaro 's good friend , was paid almost $ 23,000 for working 497 hours of overtime in less than seven weeks . That meant he was working an average of more than 16 hours a day , including weekends . As the money flowed , complaints spread . Some beneficiaries did n't necessarily suffer from the spill but had social or political connections . Subcontractors said those at the top of the cleanup creamed off money for doing very little , while those at the bottom earned much less for doing the actual work . At first , everyone was angry with BP . But as the months wore on , some St. Bernard residents directed their frustration at Taffaro , blaming him for handing out jobs and money to a small group of insiders . Meanwhile , Taffaro was attacking BP and the federal government in the media , appearing on TV alongside Gov. Bobby Jindal and testifying in Congress . His outrage was palpable . There was n't enough boom , coordination or respect for the local government . BP was n't making good on its obligations . The pressure paid off . Taffaro at one point boasted that St. Bernard had doled out more BP cleanup money to commercial fishermen than any other Louisiana parish . His claim is impossible to verify , because neither Taffaro nor anyone else would provide details about the spending numbers . BP gave only limited information to ProPublica , and declined to comment on allegations it had been overcharged . The U.S. Coast Guard , the federal agency most involved with overseeing BP 's response , said the government and BP decided cleanup priorities together . Taffaro and other St. Bernard officials refused to respond to the public - records requests ProPublica began filing in November . When asked again last week why the parish had n't provided any records , Dysart said he would be happy to help but that filling the request would take time and cost a lot of money . \" I 'm in the process of really , truly trying to assist you , \" said Dysart , who is also the parish interim chief administrative officer . In response to questions submitted by ProPublica last month , Taffaro said through his spokeswoman that he can approve overtime for salaried employees in extenuating circumstances and that Dysart eventually decided to stop taking overtime . Taffaro said there was no law against hiring his future son - in - law because he was not yet married , and that paying overtime for picking up dog food was necessary because the spill had caused fishermen to abandon their dogs . Taffaro also said that the tax receipt bubble was \" a false economy , \" similar to what happened after Hurricane Katrina . Many companies and people earning big money from the spill had connections to parish powerbrokers , according to court documents , parish records and interviews done by ProPublica . Amigo Enterprises Inc. , which for years leased land to one of the busiest marinas in the parish , got in early . BP based the cleanup operation at the marina in Hopedale , which made sense . But the price Amigo charged BP for the land was astronomical . Amigo had been leasing the land for less than $ 1,700 a month from the Arlene & Joseph Meraux Charitable Foundation Inc. , according to the nonprofit 's most recent tax returns . The company billed BP more than $ 1.1 million a month , said BP spokesman Joe Ellis . Amigo was n't just any company . One of the owners was St. Bernard 's powerful sheriff of 26 years , Jack Stephens , who also sat on the board of the Meraux Foundation . According to the most recent ethics form Stephens filed with the state , he earned more than $ 100,000 from Amigo in 2009 . Stephens ' cousin Anthony Fernandez Jr. , also Stephens ' former chief deputy and one of his two partners in Amigo , said BP paid less than $ 1 million a month to Amigo for rent , but refused to say how much . Fernandez also got a chunk of BP money for another company , Parish Oilfield Services LLC . That company hired off - duty sheriff 's deputies to provide security for the spill , charging BP $ 45 an hour per deputy , Ellis said . The normal off - duty rate for the deputies is $ 30 an hour , according to the sheriff 's office . The company that benefited most from BP 's checkbook was Loupe Construction and Consulting Co. , Inc. , a small , family - owned business in a nearby parish with few employees and a bare - bones website that misspelled the company name . On May 5 , Taffaro chose Loupe to manage the cleanup in St. Bernard , a job that would eventually be worth as much as $ 125 million . Website for Loupe Construction and Consulting Co. The word ' Constructon ' is missing an ' i. ' . Taffaro said he selected Loupe after asking for proposals from several companies and because of its disaster experience . He also said he thought the company had experience responding to oil spills . The decision did n't sit well with some people . \" That company had no particular expertise in oil mitigation -- none , \" said Landry , the parish council chair . \" But we 've been kept in the dark on the entire operation . Pardon the pun , but we 've been left out of the loop . \" In other Louisiana parishes , BP chose the lead cleanup companies , all of them certified by the Coast Guard as official Oil Spill Response Organizations , meaning they had some experience responding to spills . But Loupe did n't have that certification . In fact , the company that would eventually manage more than 50 subcontractors and 150 vessels had no oil - spill experience at all . Its main job in St. Bernard had been helping rebuild levees . Coast Guard Commander Dan Lauer said he was n't familiar with what happened in St. Bernard Parish , but said he would \" absolutely \" want a certified company as prime contractor in a major oil spill . At least two Oil Spill Response Organizations were eventually brought in to oversee some parish cleanup , but BP signed a master service contract with Loupe on June 17 , after the parish had insisted for weeks that the company become the main contractor . \" I guess they figured they were stuck with us , \" said Randy Nunez , a lawyer for Loupe , adding that the company had taken \" a leap of faith \" by starting work without official BP approval . Owner Paul Loupe had a long history of debts and lawsuits . Loupe 's website says the two companies performed more than $ 100 million worth of work [ 10 ] for Ceres Environmental Services Inc. , the Minnesota - based company that hired them . But much of that work was actually performed by layers of subcontractors , which is why Loupe was accused of being one of the \" pass - through \" companies that proliferated after the hurricanes . Workers at the bottom of the contracting chain earned so little for debris - removal work that the U.S. Department of Labor later ordered Ceres to pay $ 1.5 million in back wages [ 11 ] to more than 2,000 laborers . Paul Loupe referred questions to his lawyers . One , Karl Dix , said everyone was happy with Paul Loupe 's work . \" He worked tirelessly during that effort and really accomplished a lot , \" Dix said . After Loupe was picked , there was a feeding frenzy to get hired by the company , which operated out of a family compound about an hour from St. Bernard . People with little connection to commercial fishing used old boats or bought new ones and signed up to work . Companies from Washington state , Nevada and Mississippi came to town . Contracts were fought over . Everyone wanted a piece , just as they did after Hurricane Katrina . Only this time , the federal government was n't footing the bill ; a reviled corporation was , and the prices reflected that . \" There was a lot of gouging , \" said David Northcutt , who worked for a Loupe subcontractor and has since sued for unpaid wages . \" Everybody had their hand out , of course . It was a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity for a lot of people . \" \" They used to hide it behind the docks over there , and it never worked , \" Campo said . Small companies tried to find a way in the door , to tap the right connection to get hired . In July , Loupe hired a Washington state company , Farrow Construction Specialties Inc. , to set up marsh - washing systems on barges . Almost immediately , a Farrow consultant named Larry Howell , who had once pleaded guilty to a federal bank fraud charge [ 12 ] , set up his own company with people from South Carolina , Texas and Arizona to take over the Farrow contract . Tim Henson , who had years of experience cleaning up oil spills and worked with a company that partnered with Farrow , said Loupe positioned 13 or 14 skimmer boats around each marsh - washing barge , even though the barges themselves functioned as oil skimmers . \" BP was being billed for all the man hours of all those boats , \" said Robert Brown , an engineer who helped out on the project . \" One would disappear to go take a break or take lunch . Then another one would fill in and do nothing . It was the Keystone Kops . \" Workers contracted by BP clean up oil on a beach in Port Fourchon , La. , May 23 , 2010 . In setting up his new company , Howell turned to family as well . One subcontractor he hired was a small Mississippi company run by his mother 's brother - in - law . It charged Howell $ 15,400 per month to rent each of three generators , which usually each went for $ 1,500 a month . It charged more than $ 18 a foot for wire that other contractors said cost at most $ 4 a foot , and charged $ 3 a mile for 2,240 miles of travel when the IRS standard business rate was 50 cents . The company also billed Howell more than $ 14,000 for 140 hours of labor to set up a single generator , a job that other contractors say should take only a few hours . Howell passed all those charges up to Loupe and BP . During a squabble over the Loupe subcontract , Mike Turner , who had initially partnered with Howell and Farrow , said rumors began spreading that the FBI was investigating him . He hired a lawyer and called the FBI . He said he was told he was not being investigated , but he spent hours talking to a New Orleans - based FBI agent about allegations of payoffs and overbilling . \" I spilled my guts . So now , it 's my understanding they are being investigated , \" said Turner , referring to the parish and the businesses that were hired for the cleanup . The FBI agent declined to answer questions for this story . Howell could n't be found for comment . The company he helped form moved out of its office in December without giving notice . As the cleanup dragged on , Loupe faced a cash - flow problem . For help , Loupe turned to Park Investments Ltd. , a local company that primarily develops shopping malls and other commercial properties . Park Investments and its related companies had done business with plenty of parish powerbrokers in the past -- Stephens , the sheriff , had been a partner in at least one development . Although a search of court documents showed that Park Investments rarely made and recorded such loans , the company agreed to loan Loupe an unspecified amount of money . As collateral , Loupe put up all the BP payments due from its clean - up contract . Park Investments and companies run by its president , Lewis Frank , and owner , Joseph Georgusis , are major political donors in Louisiana . And one of the politicians they frequently donate to is Taffaro , the parish president . At a 2009 fundraiser for Taffaro , Park Investments gave $ 2,500 , the legal limit in Louisiana . Three other businesses formed by Frank and Georgusis or their businesses -- they 've been involved in at least 15 over more than 20 years -- contributed $ 2,500 each . Georgusis contributed $ 2,500 . So did Georgusis ' wife , Cheryl . In essence , the cleanup company chosen by Taffaro was now being financed by some of Taffaro 's biggest supporters . Taffaro said he had no interest in the business practices of Loupe or Park Investments . Frank said Park Investments loaned Loupe money because of \" business . \" He dismissed any connection between the loan and earlier donations to Taffaro as \" coincidental at best . \" \" If you 're trying to link something , the link does n't exist , \" Frank said . St. Bernard was certainly not the only community where markups flourished . In another Louisiana parish , a BP supplier hired more than 20 vessels a day , paying at most $ 2,500 a day for each vessel but charging BP $ 15,000 a day . The supplier pocketed at least $ 250,000 every day for months , according to someone who saw the bills . Bills from another Gulf state showed that BP paid a subcontractor $ 36 an hour for workers to clean up oil along sandy beaches , according to the same person . The subcontractor hired a temp agency , which provided workers for about $ 14 an hour , leaving the subcontractor with the $ 22-an - hour difference . The temp agency then made its own profit , hiring workers for about $ 10 an hour . By late August , the BP spill had shifted from an emergency response to a long - term recovery , and BP started pushing back on some bills it was receiving , including in St. Bernard , where far less oil had arrived than originally predicted . On Aug. 21 , Loupe delivered 139 invoices to Louisiana 's main incident command post in Houma -- the first time the finance team said it had seen any of the invoices . All told , Loupe claimed BP owed it $ 34.7 million . Over the following week , BP 's finance team reviewed the 55 largest invoices . Team members found that all the invoices lacked information showing that BP had authorized the goods or services . All also lacked supporting documentation like timesheets . One in five had basic errors and omissions , such as differing daily rates for the same vessels , double - billing for the same equipment , and math errors . Meanwhile , Loupe officials were demanding payment , and Taffaro was calling BP over the impasse . Despite the fact that the well was plugged , Taffaro declared another 30-day emergency -- his last -- meaning that for another month , he still controlled the cleanup . A welder fabricates a portion of the BP subsea oil recovery system chamber at Wild Well Control , Inc. in Port Fourchon , La. , April 26 , 2010 . On Saturday , Aug. 28 , Paul Loupe , Taffaro and Dysart met with BP officials in New Orleans . Loupe , unable to pay his subcontractors , asked BP to pay him something within two days . BP officials refused . Loupe and BP then agreed to review the invoices together . The meeting , agreement and invoice problems were outlined in a letter sent by the chief operating officer of BP 's Gulf Coast Restoration Organization to Paul Loupe . The letter , obtained by ProPublica , was also sent to Taffaro . BP also began balking at other bills . Parish Oilfield claimed to be owed $ 900,000 for sheriffs ' deputies , BP 's Ellis said . At $ 45 an hour , that meant the deputies had clocked as many as 20,000 hours since the spill . If Parish Oilfield pocketed $ 15 for every hour worked -- given that the normal off - duty deputy rate was $ 30 an hour -- that would have meant $ 300,000 for the company itself . In addition , Amigo Enterprises , run by the sheriff , his cousin and a third partner , claimed to be owed millions for equipment , rent and fuel at the Hopedale base . Within days , the spill cleanup ground to a halt . Amigo refused to provide fuel for the cleanup . So did Campo at Shell Beach and another fuel dock on Delacroix Island , because Loupe had n't paid past bills . On Aug. 31 , the sheriff 's office signed an eviction notice for BP at the Hopedale site because BP had not paid rent to Amigo . \" Landlord wants possession of his property , \" the notice said , without clarifying that the sheriff 's company was the landlord . That night , Taffaro held a press conference , highlighting the eviction notice and accusing BP of not paying its bills , including more than $ 3 million owed to Amigo and more than $ 34 million owed to Loupe . \" We are calling on BP to step forward to make this right , \" Taffaro said . While contractors fought for BP 's cleanup money , commercial fishermen jockeyed for BP - financed jobs to replace their lost income . A worker cleans up oily waste on Elmer 's Island , just west of Grand Isle , La. , May 21 , 2010 . As long as oil poured into the Gulf , the fishermen were unable to work and unqualified for most other jobs . Some went on anti - depressants . Others started drinking too much . Nearly all tried to join BP 's \" Vessels of Opportunity \" program , which was supposed to provide a lifeline for commercial fishermen by hiring them and their boats for cleanup work . Boats could make $ 1,200 to $ 3,000 a day . Crew members often earned $ 200 a day , while captains earned as much as $ 360 a day . The program was so lucrative , if disorganized , that people throughout the Gulf , including some nonfishermen , started fighting over the slots for boats . As complaints grew , Landry , the St. Bernard council chairman , and another council member pulled together a committee of fishermen and seafood dealers to create a list of bona fide fishermen . Then they drew names to set up assignments . \" That list was posted , \" Landry said . \" And the next day everything changed . Craig Taffaro took over . \" Using his emergency powers , Taffaro set up St. Bernard 's version of Vessels of Opportunity . Now Taffaro , not BP , controlled who got the coveted jobs . David Dysart , the homeland security director , said the jobs were handed out fairly through a public lottery . But a ProPublica reporter attended a meeting where Taffaro gave a job to a seafood dealer without a drawing . And dealers complained repeatedly that they were n't listened to when it came to hiring the parish 's top fishermen . State officials also said the parish did n't follow up on an early request for a list of top fishermen . Soon after the cleanup began , commercial fishermen also started complaining that a small group of favorites got more work than anyone else . ProPublica 's analysis of parish checks paid to fishermen over the first six weeks , filed as part of a court case , seems to bear that out . A small group worked regularly , earning $ 24,000 to $ 34,000 . Although Taffaro and Dysart said those fishermen performed additional jobs , the same fishermen got and kept those additional jobs throughout the entire cleanup . Meanwhile , Eric Melerine , a top fisherman from Delacroix Island , earned only $ 5,260 during those first six weeks . His younger brother Jason , also a full - time commercial fisherman , earned just $ 4,560 . Another fisherman , Donald Campo , failed to get hired on the BP cleanup at all , despite signing up . \" Sometimes with things like that , it 's all about who you know , \" Campo said . \" It 's about connections . \" Knowing Taffaro was key to getting hired , fishermen said . Kim Alfonso said he was initially told he could n't get his crab boat on the job . He protested . \" I said , ' Craig Taffaro said I can get it on , ' \" he recalled . \" They said , ' Alright , come on in . ' That 's the way they did business . If you went in there and said , ' Craig Taffaro said this , ' you was on . \" Cisco Gonzales , who owns an air - conditioning company and runs the Louisiana Crawfish Festival , got his boat on the cleanup by lending it to his nephew , a fisherman whose own boat broke down . Many fishermen complained about Gonzales earning money from the spill , especially fishermen who could n't get a boat hired . Gonzales said he felt bad about all the animosity against Taffaro . \" Me and him 's good friends , to tell you the truth , \" Gonzales said . \" With Craig , he 's done a more than fair job in our community . \" On June 1 , fishermen showed up at a council meeting to complain about the selection system . They complained that some fishermen worked seven days a week , while others had n't worked in 30 days . Stacy Campo , a fisherman 's wife , said the inequities were ripping apart the community . \" You are the one we look to for the answers , \" she told Taffaro . \" You are breaking up families and friends because you ca n't get an answer . Why is it that we have some big boats on the job that 's been on the job since this started ? My husband 's been on rotation once . Why is that ? We want the answers . This is going to kill a community that has been together for hundreds of years . \" Taffaro promised to fix the job list and make sure assignments were fair . He also emphasized that St. Bernard was handing out more money to the fishing industry than any other Louisiana parish . In the next two weeks , he said , parish fishermen would earn $ 4.5 million working for BP . By early September , that would reach $ 7 million . \" That 's the result of the pressure that we 're putting on them , \" Taffaro told the audience . \" Believe me , BP would rather do none of this . \" One fisherman complained that BP was putting absurd amounts of money into the parish and said he wanted his own piece of the action . \" This is ungodly amounts of money , \" Taffaro agreed . \" Many people are making more money than they 've ever made in their entire lives . I do n't have a problem with that , and I agree with you : that I want everybody to share the wealth in this situation . \" At the end of the meeting , Landry asked Taffaro for an accounting of how the parish had spent the BP money . \" Not a problem , \" Taffaro replied . But Taffaro and the parish turned over only some of the records , despite four public - records requests by Landry and the council clerk . Landry had to get a court order to obtain more . The council shared some records with ProPublica ; others were in the court file . The system featured bizarre incentives and rules . It did n't differentiate between those who got cleanup jobs with BP and those who did n't . The amount people received for their initial six - month emergency claims was based on whatever paperwork they decided to submit , not on their actual losses . The final claims formula seemed to reward fishermen who stayed home after the government fishing bans were lifted and punished fishermen who returned to work . One man who earned $ 67,000 in 2009 fishing crabs and hunting a swamp rat called nutria got $ 100,000 for his six - month emergency claim . That was on top of $ 90,000 he earned working on the cleanup and $ 20,000 he received in initial BP claims . In the eight months after the spill , he earned a total of $ 210,000 , more than three times as much as he earned in all of 2009 . The distributions seemed crazily disproportionate . Thomas Gonzales , who said he filed $ 90,000 in taxable income in 2009 , received only $ 22,000 in his six - month payment . \" They 're giving the money to the young generation , \" said Gonzales , who is 73 . \" They figure I got one foot over the hole , the other one on the edge . \" Jason Melerine , 28 , who said his income was about $ 90,000 in 2009 , received a six - month emergency compensation check for $ 180,000 . To support his claim , he submitted invoices showing that his boat sold $ 280,000 worth of seafood the year before , an amount that did n't reflect his expenses . His brother Eric Melerine , who earned $ 111,000 in 2009 , received just $ 60,000 . To support his claim he used his 2009 tax return , which did reflect his expenses . Eric Melerine 's deckhand Mikey Labat , who made about $ 70,000 in 2009 , initially received $ 6,900 for his six - month claim . His wife , Laura , was so upset that she filed an appeal and got the family another $ 18,000 . Later , after hearing rumors of waitresses and hairdressers earning big money , she said she went to the claims office and sarcastically asked if she could file her own claim because her husband was n't paying her an allowance for cooking and cleaning . \" They said , ' Go ahead , file a claim , ' \" Laura Labat said , adding that she did n't . Many fishermen fretted that businesses that were suffering from the recession , not the spill , were getting BP money . A hairdresser at Dorene 's hair salon received $ 8,000 for her emergency claim . Waitresses at the World of Wings Caf\u00e9 and Wingery received between $ 5,000 and $ 7,000 ; the restaurant 's owner got $ 50,000 . A valet car parker at a five - star hotel in New Orleans that was 98 percent full received $ 1,000 . Felesia Carter , a manager at St. Bernard 's only off - track betting parlor , said she heard customers talking about how they were gambling away claims money . Her business was so good , she said , that employees worked overtime and were n't allowed to file for claims . \" I do n't understand how BP is just giving its money out like this , \" Carter said . \" Give it to the people who deserve it . \" In September , Randy Nunez , one of Loupe 's lawyers , invited people to an event hall in New Orleans ' historic warehouse district to raise money for Craig Taffaro 's re - election campaign , two invitees said . Nunez did not return later calls from ProPublica . More than 200 people showed up for the fundraiser at The Chicory , including Paul Loupe and his wife , witnesses said . Records filed by Taffaro 's campaign committee show that he pulled in $ 207,400 -- more than his combined donations from the previous two years . No other president or presidential candidate in St. Bernard has ever reported raising that much money in a single night , according to Louisiana records available online . At least $ 45,800 of that money came from people and companies that ProPublica has linked to the cleanup effort , including Loupe , Nunez 's law firm , Park Investments and people and businesses connected to Park . The amount is likely higher than that , but no list of companies that worked on the spill is available for comparison with Taffaro 's campaign filings . Through his spokeswoman , Taffaro said all of the contributions were legal . Loupe is now enmeshed in a battle with BP over what it says it is owed . As of November , the last time the company 's lawyers spoke to ProPublica , Loupe had been paid $ 25 million , but it claimed to be owed $ 100 million more . Some contractors in other parishes claim that BP owes them millions , too . Is BP shortchanging contractors ? Are contractors trying to scam BP ? Because none of the records are public , it 's impossible to know for sure . The last interview ProPublica had with Taffaro was in November . He complained that the BP emergency claims were not distributed fairly and said BP and the federal government should have listened more to local authorities . When pressed about how he selected Loupe and picked the boats for cleanup , Taffaro abruptly ended the interview . \" We 're done , \" he said , escorting the reporter to the door . \" I will not allow you to do this to St. Bernard Parish . \" ProPublica 's research director , Lisa Schwartz , and researchers Kitty Bennett , Sasha Chavkin and Liz Day contributed to this report . ProPublica is an independent , non - profit newsroom that produces investigative journalism in the public interest . This article is republished with permission under a Creative Commons license . Photos of Deepwater Horizon and Cleanup by U.S. Coast Guard and Petty Officer Patrick Kelley , via Wikimedia Commons "}
{"url": "http://kate-my-mind.blogspot.com/2011/08/blood-dirt-beer-and-funthe-tall-oak.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701159985.29/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193919-00311-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Leaderboard Zone . One of only two photos to emerge from last night 's Wilco concert , image Eric Henegen . Last night my wife and I did something quite rare - we went to a concert on a Sunday night , in San Francisco , with three other couples ( Wilco , playing at The Warfield ) . If you do n't have kids and do n't live in the suburbs , you probably think we 're pretty lame , and I suppose compared to city dwellers , we most certainly are . But there you have it . So why am I telling you about it ? Because something odd happened at the show : Wilco enforced a \" no smartphone \" rule . Apparently lead singer Jeff Tweedy hates looking out at the audience and seeing folks waving lit phones back at him . Members of the Warfield staff told me they did n't like the policy , but they enforced it - quite strictly , I might add . It created a weird vibe - folks did n't even take out their phones for fear they might be kicked out for taking a picture of the concert . ( A couple of intrepid souls did sneak a pic in , as you can see at left ... ) . And ... no one danced , not till the very end , anyway . I 've seen Wilco a few times , and I 've never seen a more , well , motionless crowd . But more on that later . Now , I have something of a history when it comes to smart phones and concerts . Back in 2008 I was a founding partner in a new kind of social music experiment we called \" CrowdFire . \" In my post explaining the idea , I wrote : . Over the course of several brainstorming sessions ... an idea began to take shape based on a single insight : personal media is changing how we all experience music . ( when I was at Bonnaroo in 2007 ) , everyone there had a cel phone with a camera . Or a Flip . Or a digital camera . And when an amazing moment occurred , more folks held up their digital devices than they did lighters . At Bonnaroo , I took a picture that nails it for me - the image at left . A woman capturing an incredible personal memory of an incredible shared experience ( in this case , it was Metallica literally blowing people 's minds ) , the three screens reflecting the integration of physical , personal , and shared experiences . That image informed our logo , as you can see ( below ) . So - where did all those experiences go ( Searchblog readers , of course , know I 've been thinking about this for a while ) ? What could be done with them if they were all put together in one place , at one time , turned into a great big feed by a smart platform that everyone could access ? In short , what might happen if someone built a platform to let the crowd - the audience - upload their experiences of the music to a great big database , then mix , mash , and meld them into something utterly new ? Thanks to partners like Microsoft , Intel , SuperFly , Federated Media and scores of individuals , CrowdFire actually happened at Outside Lands , both in 2008 and in 2009 . It was a massive effort - the first year literally broke AT&T 's network . But it was clear we were onto something . People want to capture and share the experience of being at a live concert , and the smart phone was clearly how they were now doing it . It was the start of something - brainstorming with several of my friends prior to CrowdFire 's birth , we imagined a world where every shareable experience became data that could be recombined to create fungible alternate realities . Heady stuff , stuff that is still impossible , but I feel will eventually become our reality as we careen toward a future of big data and big platforms . Since those early days , the idea of CrowdFire has certainly caught on . In early 2008 , we had to build the whole platform from scratch , but now , folks use services like Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , and Foursquare to share their experiences . Many artists share back , sending out photos and tweets from on stage . Most major festivals and promoters have some kind of fan photo / input service that they promote as well . CrowdFire was a great idea , and maybe , had I not been overwhelmed with running FM , we might have turned it into a real company / service that could have integrated all this output and created something big in the world . But it was a bit ahead of its time . Which brings me back to last night . I was unaware of the policy , so as Wilco opened at the sold - out Warfield , something felt off to me . Here were two thousand San Francisco hipsters , all turned attentively toward the stage - but most of them had their hands in their pockets ! As the band went into the impossible - not - to - move - to \" Art of Almost \" and \" I Might , \" I started wondering what was up - why were n't people at least swaying ? ! The music was extraordinary , the sound system perfectly tuned . But everyone seemed very intent on ... well ... being intent . They stared forward , hands in pocket , nodded their heads a bit , but no one danced . It was a rather odd vibe . It was as if the crowd had been admonished to not be too ... expressive . It seemed to me that the rule had the unintended consequence of muting the crowd 's ability to connect to the joy of the moment . Odd , that . We 're so connected to these devices and their ability to reflect our own sense of self that when we 're deprived of them , we feel somehow less ... human . My first reaction was \" Well , this sucks , \" but on second thought , I got why Tweedy wanted his audience to focus on the experience in the room , instead of watching and sharing it through the screens of their smartphones . By the encore , many people were dancing - they had loosened up . But in the end , I 'm not sure I agree with Wilco - they 're fighting the wrong battle ( and losing extremely valuable word of mouth in the process , but that 's another post ) . There are essentially two main reasons to hold a phone up at a show . First , to capture a memory for yourself , a reminder of the moment you 're enjoying . And second , to share that moment with someone - to express your emotions socially . Both seem perfectly legitimate to me . ( I 'm not down with doing email or taking a call during a show , I 'll admit ) . But the smart phone is n't a perfect device , as we all know . It forces the world into a tiny screen . It runs out of battery , bandwidth , and power . It distracts us from the world around us . There are too many steps - too much friction - between capturing the things we are experiencing right now and the sharing of those things with people we care about . But I sense that the sea of smart phones lit up at concerts is a temporary phenomenon . The integration of technology , sharing , and social into our physical world , on the other hand , well that ai n't going away . In the future , it 's going to be much harder to enforce policies like Wilco 's , because the phone will be integrated into our clothing , our jewelry , our eyeglasses , and possibly even ourselves . 42 thoughts on \" What Happens When Sharing Is Turned Off ? People Do n't Dance . \" Wilco has always been a band that wants people to experience the music . I 've seen Jeff loose his cool on multiple occasions because there was so much talking going on during the show , true fans were n't getting the experience they paid money for . Hm - I saw them a few months ago and there was no such policy in place . ( In fact attached is a pic my friend @blackraptor : disqus took on his phone ) . Maybe it 's a more recent thing they 're trying . I agree it 's usually futile to try and enforce that sort of thing , but it seems weird to me that the lack of dancing was due to a no smartphone photo / video policy . I 'd think things like alcohol availability , night of the week , set list , etc . would impact that a lot more . In fact , I feel like I dance more at shows when I 'm really in the moment and not thinking about what I should snap a photo of or tweet out . Btw , regarding Wilco losing word of mouth . I think they 're at the point where they do n't have to worry about that and do n't really care . I remember I saw LCD Soundsystem at their second - to - last - show and James Murphy also made a point to discourage people from using their smartphones in that way . I think he was annoyed because it makes it harder for people in the back to see the performance . I 'm sure he also knew that they were big enough that it would n't make much difference in terms of chatter and buzz . A thoughtful and intriguing post . But I think this is a stretch - you're making a sweeping point based on a tiny , isolated data point . Yes , obviously people now connect to things / events / etc via smartphones ; a trend that is n't going away , as you point out . But people simply do n't dance much at Wilco shows ( with or without phones ) . Maybe 8 years ago , sure . But Wilco 's crowd is a slighter older one now . They cater to a more thoughtful , 30-something group , rather than a partying / dancing / inebriated mid-20s crowd . Try the no - cellphone experiment with a few uptempo youth - oriented bands , and you might have a case . But for now I 'm not buying it , sorry . Joy can be experienced and expressed equally vibrantly with and without social media . What about plays , broadway , comedy shows , movies ( e.g. , places where cellphones are mostly banned ) ? Great post , John . I wonder however how much of the experience ( and memory of it later on ) we miss by the taking out our phones , and trying to capture and/or share it . I see it as the bands way ( possibly unsuccessful ) of inviting people to enjoy the experience . I do n't think our attention can be two places at once . I can see how that would be hard for musicians . The reason that nobody danced at the show , is not because they did n't have their iphones ; if they had the phones , the would be taking pictures , texting , tweeting , and yes , sometimes making calls - but NOT dancing . A larger sample size of concerts in the last few years would reveal this sad fact : people do n't dance at shows anymore . And yes , that is all about smart phones . Smart phones are reason for this lack of motion , not the absence of them . The use of these devices has habituated people to being \" outside of the experience \" . They are simply living receptors , who analyze and direct the external stimulus in ways that are meaningful to them . That is now the \" experience \" . Without the phones , they were lost . With them , they dance with their fingers . It is interesting that people prefer to manipulate the experience than actually be in it . When smart phones eventually integrate with us , the manipulation might actually morph back into a more organic experience , as we move the data around our internal network . An eventual re - unification of the now and the data . The video above has a camera POV that appears to dance along with the crowd . Not everyone will appreciiate the fx and the focus is not on the artist . Instead this video captures the spirit of the crowd , as people are dancing with their phones . Crowdfire was also there to ignite the energy that evening . People seemed less focused on \" capturing stills \" for sure ! I think you 're right . And that brings up a point that 's perturbed me for a long time . The same thing happens , on a massive scale , to people at work . People are less interested in being at their job because mobiles are banned , available only during breaks / lunch , or allowed in emergency situations . Mobiles and workplace procedures need a paradigm shift . But , there needs to be a reason why this change should take place . John , as a connoisseur of Wilco set lists , I can tell you that the show you experienced was n't the kind one would be dancing to . The first two thirds of the show was quiet and introspective . The first Wilco show I saw several years ago was the same way , with the audience in their seats and very still until the middle of the performance . Anyway , how can you dance when you 're tweeting or texting ? PS - you do n't want to go to a Ryan Adams show either . Thanks Judy . I actually ca n't sit still to any Wilco set list , so maybe it 's just me . I mean , I at least sway to Ashes ! And I did , of course , with my wife , though honestly we were the only ones moving . If this were a prince concert or Black Joe Lewis and The Honey Bears I would be concerned . But Wilco is n't exactly dancing music . Maybe rocking out music at times , but certainly I would n't be surprised or angry to see people in a wilco crowd not doing much besides watching and absorbing the show . Once they became a \" social \" tool , their popularity funded the progress . Add the numerous social apps that are now enjoyed by millions and we are distancing ourselves from our immediate view for our cyber conversations . Are mobile devices important - of course . Do I think we need to unplug sometimes - absolutely . Unfortunately , we are pushed to stay connected . No one makes money the other way . With start ups being told Mobile First , this is not going to change any time soon . But it showed too many people are moving to this all mobile approach - fueled no doubt by the popularity of mobile devices . I was at a Wilco show in Charlottesville five or six years ago . I 'm used to shows where people get down . Wilco was great but was dancing . I figured people just were n't enjoying the show . Then it came time to get the band back on stage for an encore . People were going bat shit crazy making all kinds of noise just to ( stand and ) hear a little more Wilco . I quickly realized that Wilco 's fan base just are n't the type to wiggle like , for example , people do at a Widespread Panic show . To each their own . I 'm pretty sure this has nothing to do with a phone policy . I was at the Wilco show on Sunday evening and , well I never knew there was a no - smartphone policy . That 's why I took a photo with my iPhone : . And I have to say I saw plenty of other folks taking pix too , especially toward the back . And I also saw people dancing - or at least jumping around - where ever there was room in the sold out hall . It was pretty crowded up front , but I nearly got knocked over in the back by a bunch of really happy guys dancing and pumping fists and so on . And no one said anything to me when I was taking pictures . The other thing is that Wilco can be kind of serious , contemplative experience . For a rock show , anyway . [ ... ] What Happens When Sharing Is Turned Off ? People Do n't Dance . The integration of technology , sharing , and social into our physical world , on the other hand , well that ai n't going away . \" [ ... ] . I think you have it all wrong here . People could n't really dance because they were at a sold out concert where people were constantly pushing each into each other to get closer to the stage . People were drinking and just completely crammed in and there was no where to move . This makes dancing really hard . Also , smartphones ruin concerts . Absolutely ruin them in my opinion . When I have paid good money to see a show the LAST thing I want to do is look up at the stage through someone else 's camera . I am there to EXPERIENCE something in my own real life , not take pictures of every single moment so I can somehow try to share this experience later . Pictures are great , but I like them far better when they are taken by professionals who have a pass to take photos at a show . No one can fully get the same feeling from looking at a picture of the show you went without actually having been there themselves . Save your memories and put away your smartphone before I smack it out of your hand at a show . Medium Rectangle ( fits Tower ) . Like Searchblog . Categories . "}
{"url": "http://www.egms.de/static/de/meetings/hoch2005/05hoch020.shtml", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701159155.63/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193919-00203-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "\" Sharp , quirky , and occasionally nettlesome \" , Walking the Berkshires is my personal blog , an eclectic weaving of human narrative , natural history , and other personal passions with the Berkshire and Litchfield Hills as both its backdrop and point of departure . I am interested in how land and people , past and present manifest in the broader landscape and social fabric of our communities . The opinions I express here are mine alone . Never had ads , never will . July 12 , 2007 . \" We 've Got a Panic on Our Hands on the Fourth of July \" : The New Jersey Shark Attacks of 1916 . On this date in 1830 , a fisherman in Cape Cod Bay was pulled from his dory and killed by either a Great White or Mako shark . Joseph Blaney ( 52 ) was fishing about half a mile from his schooner when he was observed waving and calling for help with an apparent injury to one of his arms and \" a large fish laying across his dory amidships . \" \" But before the boat which went to his assistance had reached him , the shark renewed his attack , the boat instantly disappeared , and the water appeared in a foam . Nothing more was seen of Mr. Blaney , but the boat reappeared , and was picked up , together with his hat ....... \" - Essex Register , July 15 , 1830 . Joseph Blaney became the first , well documented fatality of a shark attack on the east coast of the United States . Until the advent of beach resort development and \" salt water bathing \" in the waning decades of the 19th century , attacks by sharks were virtually unknown . Few Americans lived among the dunes of the Atlantic seaboard and most of those who did fished rather than swam . Sailors who encountered sharks at sea often thought of them as carrion eaters and their habits and even species characteristics were almost a complete mystery . All that changed during two weeks in July along the New Jersey Coast in 1916 , when one or more sharks attacked five people and killed four , culminating with three attacks - once again on this very date - by what became known as the Matawan Man - eater . These final attacks were all the more horrifying because they did not take place along the coast but up a muddy estuary miles from open water . Together these incidents are thought to have inspired Peter Benchley 's Jaws . Two non - fiction books came out in 2001 documenting the New Jersey Shark attacks of 1916 in terrifying detail . More on that later . The New Jersey attacks began on July 1 , 1916 on a sweltering summer afternoon . There was a polio epidemic in New York City , and in those days before air conditioning those urbanites who could availed themselves of rail service to the shore . Charles VanSant , a 23-year - old broker arriving in Beach Haven , NJ on an afternoon trail from Philadelphia , headed for the water before dinner . He spent time playing with a Chesapeake Retriever in the surf before the dog suddenly headed for shore . He was in chest - deep water beyond the breakers about 50 yards from the beach and still calling to the dog when others on shore noticed a large shadow following him in the water . Richard Fernicola , author of Twelve Days of Terror : A Definitive Investigation of the 1916 New Jersey Shark Attacks ; . \" What they saw looked like a black fin slicing across the water from the east toward VanSant . They began to shout heatedly to VanSant , who was unable to understand them and continued calling the dog . Perched on his lifeguard stand , Alexander Ott knew immediately that Charles was in extreme danger ... Without hesitation and without thought for his own safety , Ott managed to get the flailing VanSant to waist - deep water . During the struggle to shore , the shark was never far away . Witnesses on the beach and boardwalk swore they saw the shark affixed to VanSant 's thigh the entire rescue ... the shark did not let Vansant free until its belly scraped the sand . \" Charles VanSant suffered a severed femoral artery and his left thigh was stripped of flesh . He bled to death on the manager 's desk at the Engleside Hotel . Despite this attack and reports from ship captains of large sharks \" swarming off the coast of New Jersey \" , the beaches remained open . Writing in the Philadelphia Public Ledger , journalist James Meehan stated ; . \" Despite the death of Charles Vansant and the report that two sharks having been caught in that vicinity recently , I do not believe there is any reason why people should hesitate to go in swimming at the beaches for fear of man - eaters . The information in regard to the sharks is indefinite and I hardly believe that Vansant was attacked by a man - eater . Vansant was in the surf playing with a dog and it may be that a small shark had drifted in at high water , and was marooned by the tide . Being unable to move quickly and without food , he had come in to attack the dog and snapped at the man in passing . \" Most people considered the incident a fluke . That would soon change . Five days later , 45 miles or so miles up the coast at Spring Lake , New Jersey , 27 year old Charles Bruder went for a swim . Bruder was a Swiss national and the Bell captain at the Essex and Sussex Hotel in this resort community . He was about 130 yards from shore when suddenly he cried out and a woman who heard him scream called a lifeguard that \" the man in the red canoe has upset ! \" In fact , Bruder had been struck in the abdomen by a shark , turning the surrounding water red . When he was hoisted aboard a rescue boat the horrified crew saw that he had also lost both his lower legs . He died before they reached the beach . Now there was panic . Beaches were closed or steel nets put up to protect bathers . Boats of armed men patrolled the coast . Not only bathers but the shore economy was at risk , with beaches almost empty and vacationers staying away from the resorts in droves . The situation foreshadows events in the fictional Jaws , when Mayor Vaughn says to Chief Brody ; \" Martin , it 's all psychological . You yell barracuda , everybody says , \" Huh ? What ? \" You yell shark , we 've got a panic on our hands on the Fourth of July . \" What makes the New Jersey shark attacks the stuff of legend is what happened next , not by the shore but in Matawan Creek on July 12th , 1916 : 91 years ago today . New Jersey History 's Mysteries picks up the story : . \" By mid - morning the temperature was fast approaching ninety degrees and Captain Thomas Cottrell decided to take a break at his bait and tackle shop near the mouth of the Matawan Creek in Keyport . Trying to catch a cooling breeze from the nearby Raritan Bay , the retired sailor and part - time fisherman made his way out to the center of the new drawbridge that spanned the creek . Suddenly , a large black shadow flashed in the water below and caught his attention . With his years at sea , Captain Cottrell knew immediately what he had seen , but his mind fought with his eyes . What was a large shark doing swimming up the small tidal creek that connected Matawan , just a few miles upstream , to the Raritan Bay ... . \" ... The account of these two attacks must have been racing through Captain Cottrell 's mind as he stared at the approximately ten - foot shark swimming quickly up the Matawan Creek . He called to two workmen on the bridge , pointing out the shark , then telephoned downtown Keyport to warn the bathers in the Raritan Bay that a shark was in the area . He next followed the creek upstream on foot racing to Matawan to warn the people there . However , many townspeople ignored the warning thinking the Captain had fell victim to the shark hysteria sweeping the State . After all , how could a ten foot shark be in the shallow Matawan Creek , no more than forty feet across at its widest ? Great whites , we now know , are highly intolerant of fresh water , though they do come into shallow coastal areas to breed . It is likely , but by no means certain , that this is what Captain Cottrell saw from the bridge . Either way , he was right to try and warn those who might be upstream . Unfortunately , his warning came too late . It was a brutally hot day at the Anderson Saw Mill , and 11 year old mill worker Lester Stillwell was let off early that afternoon . Along with several friends he went to the old Wychoff dock , a popular swimming hole at a bend in Matawan creek more than a mile and a half inland from Raritan Bay . Stillwell was floating on his back over a deep spot in the river when one of his companions saw what he took for \" an old black weather - beaten board or a weathered log \" pass him heading him toward Lester . Stillwell screamed and thrashed and disappeared under the water . Stillwell was an epileptic , so when the frightened boys ran for help , people may have thought he had a fit . It is hard to explain why else Watson \" Stanley \" Fisher would have closed his tailor shop , thrown on his swimming suit , and heading into the water to help recover the body with a shark in the water . Fisher at first coordinated the recovery effort from the shore while Captain Cottrell , who had by this time arrived on the scene , directed it from a commandeered motorboat . Soon he and two others were diving down into the hole looking for Stillwell . A wire net was stretched across the creek to keep the tide from taking the body out , but it also helped keep the shark in . Fisher and the other men dove for the next half hour trying to find the body . Accounts differ as to the exact sequence of what happened next . One of the swimmers said later he felt something brush his body and then heard a terrible scream from where Fisher had been searching . Fisher had seen Lester 's body , even had it by the shoulders , and then was struck hard on the right thigh by the shark . He struggled to the surface , letting go of Stillwell , and was dragged under two more times before reaching the shallows . His right thigh was striped of flesh from groin to knee - cap , and though he was rushed by train to the hospital , he died several hours later . He had told his doctor ; \" I knew it was all up with me when I felt his grip on my thigh . It was an awful feeling . I ca n't explain it . Anyhow , I did my duty . The net evidently did not hold the shark , if indeed there was only one , for it struck a third time a half mile downstream that same afternoon . Five boys were swimming by a deep bend in the river where the bottom had been dredged and there was a ladder providing access to the water . they heard the alarm about the shark and were leaving the water when the last of them , 12-year - old Joseph Dunn , had just reached the lower rung when he was bitten and pulled back into the water . \" I felt my leg going down the shark 's throat , \" he recounted afterward , \" I believe it would have swallowed me . \" There was a fierce tug of war that nearly cost Joseph his left leg , but the boys managed to pull him free of the shark which swam downstream . Doctors were able to save his leg though it was badly mangled . The entire country was gripped with shark fever following these attacks . All out war was declared on sharks , with the crisis discussed in President Wilson 's cabinet and bounties placed on sharks killed in new jersey waters . The citizens of Matawan threw dynamite into the creek and shot and stabbed into the water . The New York Times on July 14 reported : . \" Matawan Creek . . . was alive with sharks yesterday , according to the score of men who went out to hunt them with rifles , shotguns , boat hooks , harpoons , pikes and dynamite \" . The next day 's edition reported that one of these \" plunged through the chicken wire net that penned it in at Matawan Creek and escaped into the ocean last night . \" The previous day , Lester Stillwell 's ravaged corpse was found floating about 250 yards upstream from the attack , dislodged by a storm and carried up the estuary beneath a railroad bridge where it was spotted by two rail employees . The hunt for the Matawan Man - eater went on furiously , with Captain Cottrell caught a seven foot shark in a gill net by the mouth of Matawan creek . He placed the beast on display at his shop , but it was unlikely to be the killer . A juvenile Great White 8.5 feet long was captured four days earlier off South Amboy by a Manhattan taxidermist and Barnum and Bailey lion - tamer . When eviscerated it was found to contain about 15 pounds of what were declared to be human remains , including a boy 's shinbone and a rib . There were no further shark attacks along the coast after this , though if indeed these were human remains they could have been from a drowning victim and not from the swimmers in the creek . The identity of the shark or sharks that made the attacks remains inconclusive , but the horror of sharks evinced by these two weeks in July has remained ingrained in popular American consciousness even though the events themselves have faded . Last year , there was a Shark - Fest held along Matawan Creek to commemorate the attacks , along with shark - themed arts and crafts , food vendors , and a screening of the TV movie version of \" Twelve Days of Terror . Shark attacks are still extremely rare events , with just 95 fatal , unprovoked attacks known from US territorial waters since Joseph Blaney died in 1830 . There were just 76 shark attacks documented worldwide in 2001 and only 5 fatalities . One possible repercussion of the Marine Mammal Protection Act , though , is that it has lead to a dramatic recovery of American seal colonies , a favorite food of Great Whites . Sharks remain highly persecuted and misunderstood creatures and it is illegal to posses the remains of a Great White in America . A Great White apparently did bite a surfer just up the shore from Beach Haven in 2005 , but this we are told was a testing strike and not the more serious \" bump and bite . \" He escaped with 50 stitches on his foot . In 2004 a 14 ft . female Great White spent more than a week in a salt pond off Woods Hole , Massachusetts before being coaxed out to sea . Folks in Massachusetts should n't be too concerned , though . There has only been one recorded shark attack leading to a fatality in the Bay State since Joseph Blaney was pulled from his dory . On July 26 , 1936 , Joseph Troy ( 16 ) was swimming with his father off Hollywood Beach in Mattapoisett in Buzzards Bay when he was attacked by a Great White and died of his injuries . That 's about 9 miles from my family 's place at Windrock at the head of the Bay , but this does n't keep me out of the water . Nor did the Matawan Man - eater close the beaches indefinitely . It is almost always safe to go back in the water . But maybe you should wait half an hour after reading this post . Otherwise it may give you cramps , and we do n't want you thrashing around out there . I grew up with the vision of Copley 's ' Watson and the Shark ' and that instilled fear in me . I have never been able to watch ' Jaws ' ! For six years I lived in St. Petersburg Beach , FL and occasionally there were sharks in the Gulf . I normally swam only when I saw dolphins , but found out later that it was a myth that dolphins were a shark deterrent . Both of Kelsey Grammar 's half brothers were killed in a shark attack . There were cautions concerning the wearing of jewelry ( anything shiny ) and women swimming at the ' wrong time of month ' . "}
{"url": "http://www.misshomemade.com/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166222.10/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00089-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Love In A Plague Of Hatred . As the Aids epidemic enters its second decade , Pratap Rughani examines how we are facing up to its challenge . Fluorescent light glinted off their shiny jackets . Their wolf - whistles did n't seem particularly threatening . But still my stomach tensed and my hand slipped out of hers . The men 's lager - laughter died when they saw what kind of women we were . Fear shrouded my anger as the jauntiest of them swung across the road and blocked our way . \" Do n't touch them . You 'll get Aids , \" shouted his friend . I did n't tell him that you ca n't get HIV from touching , and that next to celibacy , lesbian sex is about the safest . We would be more at risk from these straight guys than the other way around . By now , Fawziah , my lover , was wheezing . Then there was a muffled wail as she loosed a cascade of projectile vomit at their Wrangler jeans . As social comment it was perfect , if inflammatory . I grabbed her hand and ran . ' A friend 's recent experience shows the power and persistence of the ' gay plague ' view of Aids . Even today , despite all we know , homophobia remains in many societies the key way in which HIV and Aids are rationalized . Add prostitutes and injecting drug users to the list of the first people to die of Aids - related diseases in the North and you have a godsend for Right - wing moralists , unable to resist displaying their morality by condemning those ' foundering in a cesspit of their own making ' . When haemophiliacs began contracting Human Immunodeficiency Virus 2 ( HIV ) , bigots were forced to pause . They were unused to preaching about the ' unnaturalness ' or the ' perversion ' of haemophilia . Their solution was a great sleight of hand . Suddenly we had the ' innocent victims of Aids ' - thus casting the rest as somehow guilty . The sick were criminalized according to how they contracted the virus . As so often in the cultural history of disease the answer was to turn disease into ' plague ' , segregate the dying and bring down the shutters . 3 This obsession with manufacturing ' high - risk groups ' rather than focusing on high - risk behaviour may sound like a semantic nicety . But it led to a social disaster because it made most people think ' I do n't belong to this group so HIV 's got nothing to do with me ' . Others were frightened and isolated - a common experience across the world . Connected as it is to such potent taboo areas as sex and death , it is not surprising that HIV should have inspired fear . The sudden appearance of a mystery virus with such devastating effects had to be rationalized and finding scapegoats was the easiest way to do it . A known quantity In fact HIV is not such a mystery . We know a lot about it . It 's a virus not a bacterium . It works by depleting the immune system until someone is said to have Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome . A syndrome can not kill , nor does HIV , but it opens the door to so - called opportunistic infections . Diseases normally kept at bay by a healthy immune system now have the chance to flourish . There is no cure . But nor is there for any virus - including the common cold . So any meaningful strategy for treatment must be designed for a long - term struggle , sustained to control the advance of opportunistic infection . Over a varying period - on average 10 years from infection - the overwhelming experience of HIV is that it leads to Aids and death . There is no set pattern for this and quality of life varies hugely . The virus is not contagious . It is both fragile and quite hard to contract , once we know the simple ways of reducing risk . It ca n't survive outside the body so no one is at risk from casual contact , like shaking hands or from toilet seats . And unlike syphilis it ca n't pass through a membrane so using condoms is a good protection against transmission . The World Health Organization estimates that at least 13 million people have HIV today . The scale of the epidemic in Africa is often discussed . It is less well known that South Asia 's rate of HIV infection is set to increase exponentially and outstrip Africa 's within three years . Yet there are other global pandemics which account for more deaths than Aids - related diseases . Deaths from tuberculosis , malaria , cholera and diarrhoea far outstrip those linked to Aids . This may suggest that we are paying too much attention to HIV . But it is impossible to separate Aids from other diseases . The path from HIV to Aids makes this clear as HIV prepares the ground for further infection . For example the recent increase in tuberculosis is linked directly in many places to HIV . Rather than just concentrating on current figures we should also be looking at projections for the future . The World Health Organization predicts that , on current trends , 40 million people will be infected by the end of the century . Different estimates put the figure at up to 110 million . Even if some of the rhetoric is alarmist , we should recognize that HIV and Aids threaten to reverse recent improvements in health and life expectancy in several developing countries . The World Bank for example , suggests that life expectancy in sub - Saharan Africa could fall from the projected 62 years to 47 by the year 2000 . Many communities face a death toll that has wiped out a whole generation . While most diseases pick off the weakest among the very young and old , HIV strikes the sexually active . This removes people at an age when they usually carry the greatest burden of work and care for other generations . Already some communities are into the second decade of deaths from Aids - related diseases . Many villages in Uganda , Rwanda and Zimbabwe function with grandparents and grandchildren only . Mirror to injustice HIV and Aids have been described as ' misery - seeking missiles ' , thriving where lack of health care conspires to make people more vulnerable . In the South , as in deprived areas of the North , HIV risk is exacerbated by poverty , poor education , bad housing , malnutrition , lack of clean water and sanitation . For people like Rani Deva , a village worker in Rajasthan , India , HIV only makes sense if it becomes a tangible risk in her life - a risk that is more immediate than that of getting cholera or typhoid from unclean water . It is unrealistic to expect her to think about protecting herself and her family from HIV so that they do not fall ill some time in the future if she does not have the basic things she needs today . In this sense getting clean water may be more effective in empowering people to care for their health than giving them condoms . Poverty increases vulnerability to HIV in the North too . HIV holds up a mirror to social injustice . In the US women of colour are the fastest growing HIV - positive group . 4 Once diagnosed they die five to six times more rapidly than men . This also suggests that symptoms in women are not being read early enough . And it implies that Aids education is n't getting through to different communities equally . Prevention and primary health care must go together . Once diagnosed , however , people have to find ways of continuing . In the early days of the epidemic many people with HIV , their friends and acquaintances started to organize . They were galvanized by bereavement and the knowledge that lifetimes are telescoped by HIV - decades into years . Armed with dignity , compassion and fury at government indifference a small group of committed humanitarians worked for a vision of community based on providing heath care and support where needed . People continuing with high - risk behaviour - like injecting drug users who share needles and syringes - began to get precise information explaining how they may be putting themselves at risk . In Edinburgh for example , stopping HIV became , for the first time , more important than criticizing drug users . Needle exchanges and other facilities were established . Gradually the obituary columns replaced euphemisms like ' rare blood cancer ' or ' long illness ' with that four letter word - Aids . The courage it took and continues to take to be open about HIV has been the most powerful contribution to counteracting stigma . In the worst - hit areas of Africa , many are forced to think up drastic changes to survive . New crop strains that are less labour - intensive are being introduced in areas where most adult farmers are dead or dying . Children 's education is also being restructured to enable them to carry out the adult work and caring responsibilities thrust upon them by the epidemic . In diverse ways HIV has set a political agenda across the world . For Ugandan feminists , part of fighting Aids involved overturning the patriarchy of inheritance law . As the pandemic advanced , many women who lost their husbands - often after being infected by them - were then faced with their husband 's family attempting to ' repossess ' the home and children . Feminist lawyers campaigned and for the first time managed to secure inheritance rights for widows . Aids has also made the need for equality in relationships more urgent . For safer sex to work individuals have to be unafraid to initiate it . This may involve changing the balance of power within relationships - essential if condoms are to make it out of their wrappers without starting a domestic war . When this Pandora 's box opens , women often start talking about ' safer relationships ' rather than just safer sex . There are other positive changes . Out of the shadows of HIV , some gay groups have created a chance to organize and be open about their sexuality . A significant achievement for gay men is reclaiming freedom to express sexuality as a basic right . As the World Health Organization now recognizes , only in this climate can HIV prevention be carried out effectively . Otherwise the risk of transmission increases as gay men are driven underground . Through the experience of HIV , homosexuality was made legal in countries like Russia . They accepted for the first time that men have sex with men whether they identify themselves as gay or not . Other advances include a gradual shift in doctor - patient relationships . In the North doctors are joined , perhaps for the first time , by an articulate and active patient population insisting on fuller knowledge and a say in the treatment of their illnesses . Though encouraging , all of these changes are hard - won . Many developments are piecemeal and their successes may prove to be provisional . What they share is a reaction to HIV that recognizes the essential link between health and human rights . It 's a link that we can not ignore . This is a critical moment in the story of Aids . Some 80 per cent of HIV - positive people are in the South and are often unequipped to respond to this crisis . Some countries like Burma and the US under Reagan and Bush have tried to ignore Aids . Others , like Uganda , have shown the political will to deal humanely with Aids but lack the resources . Often , cash - strapped Southern governments ca n't afford to start basic prevention measures . People in many poor countries continue to contract HIV through blood products when a small transfer of resources from North to South could ensure that blood is properly screened . Because HIV threatens North and South at roughly the same time it receives more research attention than exclusively ' Southern ' diseases like malaria . Lessons from Aids Responding to HIV and Aids is a litmus test of our values . While the health and medicine industry makes vast profits , hope is only available to those who can pay the price . A short course of the anti - HIV drug AZT for example exceeds the annual earnings of most ordinary people in the South . Meanwhile Burroughs Wellcome made $ 100 million profit from AZT in just one year and did n't even incur the research and development costs since AZT has been synthesized before . 6 Why is it that this company , which holds the licence for AZT , have devised a pricing structure that makes it unavailable in places where most patients are ? As yet , too few people make an imaginative leap to see the future of our health reflected in the health of others , whether we naturally identify with those ' other ' communities or not . The Aids activist Jon Gates , who died last year , gave his vision to the Canadian Aids Society . He said that governments , drug companies and development agencies should ' delay the release of any new vaccines or a cure for Aids until ... the drug or vaccine be affordable , accessible and available world - wide . ' Gates was willing to refuse drugs if that helped avoid what he felt to be a worse nightmare than his own suffering - the nightmare that Aids ( like leprosy ) would be wiped out in the North yet allowed to flourish in the South . Double standards also produce some curious twists in medical ethics . Professor Ron Desrosiers , a leading vaccine researcher at Harvard University suggests that his proposals for experimental HIV vaccines should be tested on people in the Third World , despite the risk that those vaccinated might contract HIV . Desrosiers argues that ' a few thousand lives lost now is preferable to the death toll ahead ' . It seems that what would be unthinkable in the North is given full consideration when the risk would be borne by ' disposable ' people . Aids gives us a painfully clear view of how deprivation and discrimination damages people and their health . Discrimination harms people with Aids , restricts their access to health care and therefore encourages HIV infection . 8 Recognizing discrimination when we see deprivation would be a major shift for the medical establishment . Doctors are generally uneasy about this view - often articulated by feminist and black critics - and are nervous that it draws them inevitably into tackling political injustice . In the charged atmosphere of HIV and Aids it 's a thin line between complacency and scare - mongering . Currently it 's fashionable to play down the significance of the pandemic . Part of this response is habitual denial ; part is concerned with conflicting anecdotal reports of the true scale of HIV infection , particularly in central Africa . Both aim to reduce our responsibilities . The truth is that HIV is spiralling out of control . Even the most conservative estimates suggest that the number of people infected will triple within six years . No community in the world can claim to have stopped HIV infection - few have begun to meet their sustained needs for health care . And as the virus advances , stigma and violence continue to plague many people with HIV and Aids . Some hope can be drawn from small measures . Where we can protect ourselves from the virus we generally do . Individual changes in the way we have sex help to reduce HIV risk , which cuts the chances of transmission significantly . Aids may not be an inevitable disaster . Much suffering is preventable and depends on our humanity . If we tackle the discrimination that restricts health care , we can slow down the rate of infection . Stopping HIV will take more than a handful of condoms . It demands political will to tackle the inequalities that let HIV flourish . 1 From a speech by James Anderton , the former police chief of Manchester , UK . 2 Like other viruses , HIV mutates . Two strains of HIV ; HIV-1 and HIV-2 have been identified . HIV-2 is less common , found mainly in West Africa . For the purposes of this magazine HIV-1 and HIV-2 are not distinguished . 3 For a discussion of the history and effects of ' plague language ' on disease , see Illness as Metaphor & Aids and Its Metaphors , Susan Sontag , Penguin 1991 . 4 The Invisible Epidemic : The Story of Women and Aids , Gena Corea , Harper Collins . 5 Quoted in The Hidden Cost of Aids , The Panos Institute , London 1992 . 6 For a fuller critique of Burroughs Wellcome and AZT see American Journal of Public Health 81 ( 1991 ) : 250 . 7 From Jon Gates ' speech to the Canadian Aids Society , May 1992 . A documentary of his work is available from Harvey McKinnon Associates , 2524 , Cypress St , Vancouver BC , Canada V6J 3N2 . 8 Dr Jonathan Mann mapped out the interconnections between health and human rights in a lecture to the Terrence Higgins Trust on 14 October 1993 . New Internationalist reports on issues of world poverty and inequality . We focus attention on the unjust relationship between the powerful and the powerless worldwide in the fight for global justice . More about our work . \u00a9 Copyright New Internationalist 1973 - 2016 . Except where otherwise noted , content on this site is licensed under Creative Commons . Except where otherwise noted , images on this site are \u00a9 the attributed photographer / illustrator or representative agency . Top of page "}
{"url": "http://www.nysenate.gov/press-release/senator-andrew-lanza-chairman-senate-ethics-committee-co-chair-legislative-ethics-comm?mini=committee%2FEthics%2Fevents%2F2013-02", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701145519.33/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193905-00040-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Pages . I 'd been hearing good things about a Netflix original show called Derek , created by and starring Ricky Gervais as the title character , a mentally slow man who works at a retirement home . It is , without exaggeration , the sweetest show that I have ever watched . If one is familiar with Gervais ' overall style and humor , you may expect certain a certain crassness . There is some of that in the form of one character in particular , but the overall spirit of the show is altogether much different as Derek interacts with the other workers and the residents . Everything about him is genuine : he genuinely wants everyone around him to be happy , is genuinely curious ( to the chagrin of one of his best friends ) , and is genuinely kind . One of the characters -- the crass one , as a matter of fact -- sums it up in the last episode of the season : \" I always take shortcuts . Derek does n't . His only shortcut is the right one : kindness . \" I 'm glad there were only seven episodes , because every single one of them caused the room to get dusty . Late last year , a friend sent me a song called \" This Gigantic Robot Kills \" by MC Lars , a rapper claimed by the sub genre known as \" nerdcore . \" The song itself is a fun tribute to the mid-90s golden age of third wave ska music . From there , I discovered that MC Lars has an entire EP of songs based on Edgar Allen Poe stories . The music is fun , self - aware , and clever . Here , take a listen : . Coffeewife and I have been making our way through the newer ( read : since 2005 ) Doctor Who over the past few weeks . I remember being introduced to some of the classic Tom Baker episodes back in elementary school , and have been wanting to get into the new series for quite some time . We both wish Christopher Eccleston had stayed on for more than one season , but have been liking David Tennant as well . As of this writing , we 're on season 3 , so there 's plenty to go before we 're caught up . I found out the other week that Toad the Wet Sprocket released a new album late last year called New Constellation . Toad was a favorite of mine in high school thanks to their Fear and Dulcinea albums , so news of their reunion and new tracks was a nice surprise . It 's a great outing , with the title track and \" The Moment \" standing out for me in particular . One of the books I 've had to read for my spiritual direction program recently has been Just Ministry by Richard Gula . In many ways , I was familiar with the material : the tagline is \" Professional Ethics for Pastoral Ministers . \" It details many of the issues involved in recognizing the power that the pastoral role holds , its distinctiveness within the congregation , the importance of boundaries , and so on . Again , it 's familiar territory , but helpful to hear again at this stage . Recently , Relevant Magazine posted an article on their website entitled Five Really Bad Reasons to Leave Your Church . Essentially , it was a lament about the consumerist attitude that some take toward seeking a church , including \" I 'm not being fed , \" \" I do n't agree with everything preached , \" and so on . As a pastor , I resonated with some of what the article was going for . It 's important to remain in and contribute to a faith community , and if there are certain ministries there that you 'd like to see offered , perhaps it 's up to you to get it going . Being part of a church is as much about what you add to it as well as what you receive from it . So I think I understand the author 's primary intent . However , not everyone received the article that way . The reaction on Twitter in particular was incredibly nuanced and , oftentimes , polarized . And I understand that as well . So it only seemed right to come up with another list of good reasons to leave your church . You certainly do n't need my permission , but if I can help to give voice to some of this stuff with the 3 - 4 people who read this blog , then I might as well . Abuse of any kind . My ( admittedly limited ) understanding of abusive dynamics is that they can be incredibly complex , and from the viewpoint of the one being abused , it can take a long time before one can finally muster the strength to leave such a situation . First , you truly have to realize and admit to what is happening , and even then it can be an emotional , spiritual , and physical battle to get away . There is often a lot of manipulation and guilt at play , and to finally stand up and leave can be a long , complicated process . But abuse is abuse , and churches are as capable of it as any other organization or individual . Witness what the Catholic Church has been dealing with for the past decade . Consider the stories of emotional and spiritual captivity from former members of certain megachurches . Some churches -- whether the way the system itself is set up or groups or individuals within -- can be abusive places , and it may be under the guise of faithfulness , proper discipline , or outright denial about what they 're doing . This -- far and away , in my opinion -- tops the list of good reasons to leave . A very unwelcoming atmosphere . There 's a reason why this commercial produced by the United Church of Christ a decade ago was received so well by so many : . There are churches of a single ethnicity that react poorly when those of another walk through the doors . Or those of a different economic class . Or those of a non - heterosexual orientation . Or [ insert a million other differences that make people uncomfortable]. Even besides those glaring sorts of instances , there are churches that just do n't welcome others very well . Granted , some desire and even work toward changing this dynamic , but others do n't seem terribly interested . Some churches are incredibly closed off to outsiders in order to protect something that they think needs protecting , usually related to whomever holds power among the congregation . My freshman year of college , I decided that I 'd just walk down the street to an area church for Sunday worship . It was a large , fairly affluent UCC congregation that had a strong relationship with my school , so it seemed like a no - brainer . On two separate occasions during the Passing of the Peace , some people around me blatantly ignored me or refused to shake my hand . In the second instance , the person even said , \" Huh , there 's no one else around me to shake hands with . \" This instance was one of the last times I attended . Why stay in a church that is n't very interested in welcoming you into their fellowship ? You have questions , but nobody is willing to journey with you in exploring them . You read a book on evolution , think it 's pretty convincing , and want to reconcile this new information with Genesis 1 . You wonder whether Jesus would condemn people like Gandhi and Anne Frank because they were n't Christians . You wonder whether a story like Jonah really happened . The problem is compounded when you approach your pastor or fellow church members with these questions and are ignored , waved off , given a pat \" just have faith \" sort of answer , or become ostracized and accused of dabbling in heresy . Such responses surely are n't going to make your questions go away . They only serve to keep people you thought you could trust from having to take them seriously . At that point , you may be able to let such questions go so as not to rock the boat any further ... but probably not . So it may be that a new community where you feel more comfortable wrestling with such issues is worth seeking out . Trust me , they exist , and such questions excite and energize them . Your needs are n't being met . There 's a flip side to the argument that the original article makes about this point . His take is that if one brings up one 's own needs , one is automatically deemed to be operating out of a consumer mindset or making the church about oneself . So , should a person who prefers hymns and liturgy stay in a place that only offers guitars and drums , and vice versa ? Simply put , certain styles are spiritually enriching and engaging to some and not others . Forcing or guilting someone to remain while also refusing to offer what they need is a form of abuse ( see # 1 ) . You really are called to leave . Maybe you 've been working for quite some time to change one of the scenarios mentioned above with little to nothing to show for it . Maybe certain changes to worship and ministries , necessary though they may be , are causing you to feel nudged away more and more . Maybe for this one you really do need to hear this from someone : you have permission to say goodbye and to move on to a different church . But make sure that you really do say goodbye , because it 's most likely that the people there who love you are going to wonder about you if you just disappear . It 's been my experience that people , when they leave churches , do n't often explain why beforehand , and that can be to the detriment to those who remain . If they really listen rather than dismiss you as a \" church shopper , \" it will hopefully give them a better awareness of themselves as they continue on in ministry . My ordination anniversary last week caused me to remember this post from way back in December 2005 . I 'm not as young as I was when I wrote this , but I 'm not far enough removed that parts of this are n't still a regular part of my experience . I 've certainly learned to react better to it than I did back then , though . So there 's that . I do n't mind being The Young Pastor as much as I used to . The reaction was almost immediate when I started . ' Oh , he 's so young ... he wo n't want to visit the older people . ' This quote was relayed to me within the first month . I 'd barely moved my stuff into the office and already I was the whippersnapper who would n't give the retired folks the time of day . Being introduced to the community was what really got me , though . First swiss steak supper , I quickly found out that I could only fake a smile and laugh so many times when received with any of the following reactions : ' Oh , you 're so young ! ' ' You 're young enough to be my grandson ! ' ' You look like a teenager ! ' I mean really , do I have to pretend that this is the first time I 've ever heard this , play like it 's still the cutest thing that someone could say to me ? After a while , I started coming up with a running list of comebacks , some of which I 've used , some of which I 'm glad I 've kept to myself . Ah , you noticed . ' ' Yep . I 'm eighteen . I 'm Rev. Doogie Howser . ' ' Thanks . I moisturize . ' ' The fountain of youth is in the baptismal font . I 'm selling vials for 50 bucks . ' ' You 're old enough to be my grandfather ! ' Someone once bought the ' I 'm eighteen ' line ( without the Doogie Howser bit ) . No kidding . They just stared at me in amazement , their jaw propped up on the pew in front of them . That only irritated me more . I finally snapped , ' I'M TWENTY - SIX ! ' I tried saying it with a smile , but I 'm not sure how they took it because I walked out right after I said it . I resigned myself to the fact that in that awkward stage where people are just starting to get to know each other and run out of things to say , this is what they resort to : a lame observation about my age . It 's not unlike asking a really tall guy if he plays basketball or , God forbid , asking an overweight woman when the baby 's due . You never hear , ' Wow , you 're black ! ' or ' Hey , you 're bald ! ' or ' Holy crap , you wear glasses ? Me too ! ' Somehow , ' Boy , you 're young ' is acceptable in ' polite ' conversation , perhaps in certain instances meant as a compliment but more often ( read : always ) comes off as condescending and a little rude . With observations about one 's youth come somewhat masked statements about experience , maturity , and seniority , sometimes constructive , sometimes not so much . So yeah , I 'm getting over that now . Ca n't you tell ? I 've come to view these exclamations about my youth in a more positive light . For one thing , being a member of a younger generation in a position like mine , I bring a different viewpoint than my older colleagues . You know the phrase ' youthful energy ? ' Yeah , I dig that one . I 've got some of that , and I 'm not afraid to use it . ' Boy you 're young . ' I sure am . And that means I can see some of the ways we need to step up certain things . I might pay more attention to when the youth are getting the shaft . I might be better at noticing that the 20-somethings have needs that are n't being met . That , and there 's a certain level of fawning that my ego loves . I 'm willing to admit that . It 's something I 'm acknowledging and dealing with . At our ecumenical Thanksgiving service two comments were later relayed back to me : 1 ) ' Wow ... he 's cute , ' and 2 ) ' Is he single ? ' I do n't get treated like eye candy very often . It can be flattering in small doses . My wife gave me a good squeeze after I told her about these . It felt good to have her agree and to claim me all over again . So there . So being The Young Pastor has its advantages and perks . True , one has to hear those stupid exclamations a few more hundred times and feign good nature ( or does one truly HAVE to do the latter ? ) , but coming from a younger generation , I can point out all those concerns that get ignored , and I get a few compliments in the process . I can even work the prejudice to my advantage . Guitar in worship ? Oh , that 's just Jeff being young . I can play that game . I wo n't be young forever though , so I 'll get all the mileage out of this that I possibly can . And then when I 'm old I 'll know to give the new Young Pastor the benefit of the doubt . The big gift that I received for Christmas this year was a new stereo . It 's a compact unit in wooden casing , made to look like something you would have purchased in the middle of last century . It includes a radio , CD player , a port for an mp3 player , a cassette deck ( ! ) , and a turntable . By far , it was the turntable that excited me the most . I 've never been a record collector , but such an enterprise has always intrigued me . I 'm not totally convinced by the argument that they convey a better sound quality , but there is nevertheless something about records that I 've always been drawn to , even if I 've never really acted on them before now . Naturally , it was n't very long after Christmas that I started hunting around for my first vinyl acquisitions . My sister - in - law , who knew about this present before I did , started me out with a Mumford and Sons record . As I perused websites and considered my options , I finally settled on Oh My God ! by Doug E. Fresh and Run - DMC 's self - titled debut . You see , I listened to a lot of rap and hip - hop in elementary school . Do n't ask me what got me started , but during those years this is what you heard emanating from my bedroom much more often than not . Among my favorites were several compilation tapes that featured the above artists among others . In those years , my family lived in a parsonage with a wide open basement that was well - suited for my brother and I to play in . It was a wonderful place for children to burn off excess energy , which we did quite often . I 'd often bring down my tape player , so the sounds of Doug E. Fresh 's \" The Show \" and Run - DMC 's \" Rock Box \" would often accompany our play . This parsonage was the type that featured a separate door down to a pastor 's study in the basement area . We did n't play in that room very often , although it was n't totally off limits either . There was , nevertheless , something special about being in there for me . It featured a large L - shaped desk , often strewn with papers and books , floor - to - ceiling shelves no doubt featuring the popular thought of the day , and laminate flooring made to look like stone , a sharp contrast with the bare concrete of the rest of that level . As mentioned , my brother and I did n't play in here often . We understood that it was set apart and not to upset it too much , regardless of whether my father was working in that space or not . There would be , on occasion , times when we 'd wander in -- even me with my radio -- though again , we 'd be sure not to touch much of anything . We knew that this was a room for work , even if we did n't really know what the work was about other than what we saw on Sunday mornings . Nine years ago today , I stood up in front of a mixture of family , friends , colleagues , and members of both my home church and the church to whom I was newly called , and was ordained into Christian ministry in the United Church of Christ . I made promises to live into my calling and to uphold the expectations of the role , to honor the faith and order of my denomination , and to minister as faithfully and as effectively as I could to people regardless of their situation or belief . I must say that after so many years , I understand that this office into which I am striving to live is set apart , but I 'm still learning what it means . I still wrestle with the unique role and its accompanying power and boundaries that I am meant to have among the people to whom I 've been called . I struggle with the limits of my own abilities and when to advise people to look elsewhere for assistance or direction . I have only recently been figuring out how best to care for myself in the midst of this vocation 's demands . I still wonder about some of the basic stuff sometimes , like how to preach more effectively or what the church is meant to be and do in a new cultural moment . Even nine years into this , I 'm still trying to figure out what this work is about . My Run DMC album arrived just the other day , rubber banded to the mailbox because it would n't fit inside . I promptly rushed it inside and placed the record on the turntable . As the opening drums and guitar riffs of \" Rock Box \" began to fill the room , I was transported back to that parsonage study . Even so many years later , it does n't seem like some things have changed very much . Our many voices ring out Echoing in ornate marble cathedrals , whispered between clapboards in country meadows , plainly spoken among the inner city 's weathered brick . We hear one another and wonder , with such unfamiliar dialects and accents ; beliefs strange and quirky ; experiences to be pitied or pushed aside ; how you could listen to them . But you listen with the ears of grace and hear that we are each needy , seeking wholeness , anxious , self - focused . Translate for us each others ' speech . Help us hear , as you do , those sighs behind our words crying out to be understood , to receive justice , to be seen as human , to be your beloved , to find our own missing pieces , to make our own jagged edges smooth . Point to those places underneath where our longings are the same , and our hope is answered in each other where you are the one speaking . This April begins the first half of the final season of Mad Men , AMC 's hit show about ad agencies in the 1960s and their employees . The show is appealing in that way that shows like The Sopranos , Breaking Bad , and Boardwalk Empire are . They center around the exploits of a male protagonist whose ways are far from honorable , and yet there is something about them to which audiences are drawn . We are meant to be appalled by their actions , yet we also want to root for them . Most other characters on these shows have their own vices as well ; people who could truly be considered virtuous are few and far between . We could chalk this up to basic humanity , or to rough past experiences that help explain current behavior , or imperfect situations calling for imperfect answers , among other possibilities . The main character of Mad Men , Don Draper , is no different . Over the seasons of this show , we have watched him fall over drunk and blow off commitments . We 've watched him manipulate people around him in order to get his way ( he 's as fit for his advertising work as anyone ) , and we 've seen him indulge in perhaps his primary vice , namely sleeping with nearly every woman who crosses his path . There really is n't much , if anything , commendable about any of these actions . Don is as sleazy as television characters come . But to me , anyway , part of the appeal of Mad Men is that Don always seems to be on the verge of a breakthrough , or at least closer to it than the leading men on the other mentioned shows . There are hints that redemption is n't too far away , if only he would stick with occasional flirtations with the possibility long enough to see where it leads . A big part of Don 's problem , it seems , is his aversion to opening up too much to those around him . The audience is privy to flashbacks that help explain who he really is and why he does what he does . Through these , we learn that he grew up in extreme poverty , raised by people who were not his biological parents in a house of ill repute . Eventually , he jumped at the first chance he saw to change his circumstances : switching identities with a dead soldier while serving in Korea , beginning his lifetime of deception and aversion to letting on too much about who he truly is . Don 's protective armor is thick . Very rarely do we get a real glimpse into how he feels or what he 's thinking , save for moments when he worries that someone is going to discover the truth . Meanwhile , he acts out through alcohol and affairs , and through his work . The surest thing that we know about him , other than that he really does n't like letting anyone into his life in an authentic way , is that he numbs this aversion through one addiction after another . Don 's is a cautionary tale for pastors . We could almost watch this show as an example of what can happen to people in ministry if they are n't careful . The example is perhaps an extreme one , but there is a lesson to be learned from Don 's methods . Consider the role of pastor ; its expectations and demands . Any basic introduction to boundaries will tell you that the pastor is in a position set apart from those he or she serves . This is not to say that pastors are above the people they are called to serve , but that the pastoral position comes with power and a certain amount of distance . Make no mistake that we pastors are called to be genuine with our congregation , but also aware that we play a role in the church that is relationally different from member - to - member interaction . Difficult moments call for a certain professional approach ; rarely , if ever , are we allowed to \" bleed on the congregation , \" as it were . We are encouraged to go elsewhere for such outlets , be it a counselor , spiritual director , or peer group . The difference between intentionally seeking and not seeking these outlets can be huge . If we are not intentionally , actively sharing and processing our struggles , our \" hidden selves , \" with others , the possibility of acting out in unhealthy ways -- particularly among our congregants -- increases . The chances of engaging in unethical or abusive behavior are greater if we stay inside our shells , protecting ourselves against any kind of appropriate vulnerability , insisting that we can handle it or that it 'd be better for everyone if we just figure things out by ourselves . This is a growth area for me . For the longest time , I was a very self - reliant person . Even though I like to think that I 've made progress over the past year or two , I still fight a tendency to just deal with problems on my own . When I was a solo pastor , this tendency only increased . Thankfully , I never acted out in harmful ways among my people , but there was still damage done in other ways . And now that I realize the importance of letting down my guard and sharing myself where appropriate , I think that I and the people around me are better off . The most recent season of Mad Men showed the beginning of Don 's own shedding of armor . By the end , he displayed a much greater willingness to share his past , his true identity , with his family and co - workers . It brought a cost , but the desire for liberation had finally become greater than the desire to hide . Would that we pastors would also pursue the former over the latter . As part of Baptism of Christ Sunday , we will be observing a Remembrance of Baptism liturgy . Below is the litany I wrote for remembering and renewing our baptismal promises . For the faith and family into which we were baptized and for which we are daily gaining a deeper understanding , . Renew our commitment , O God . To reject what is sinful and to ever more embrace the freedom of new life that Christ gives , . Renew our courage , O God . Renew our trust , O God . To commit to discipleship by resisting those forces that defile and demean your creation , showing compassion and justice , and making the ministry and life of Christ our own , . Renew our strength , O God . To be faithful members of your beloved community in learning , service , and celebration , Renew our bonds , O God . Amen . How many cyber - calories will that cut out ? Zach Hoag has made an ambitious resolution for 2014 : he 's quitting what he calls the \" Progressive Christian Internet . \" Here 's how it works : . No , I 'm not quitting blogging or Twitter or de - friending a couple hundred people on Facebook ( though I 'll likely do a bit of trimming for the new year ) . Nor am I giving up on certain topics that might be deemed by some to be \" progressive \" and \" Christian . \" Rather , I 'm quitting a conversation that has come to define the \" Progressive Christian \" label online , a conversation that I have been a part of here and there and on and off over the last year or so . I 'm putting the kibosh on what seems to me to be a rapidly devolving , fragmenting , and , yes , schisming ideological experiment manifesting uniquely on blogs and social media . And I 'm saying sayonara to the talking ( tweeting ) heads and childish cliques that often dominate this discussion , a discussion which has at times become a parody of itself playing out in plain view of the watching world . This is not a call - out post , so I wo n't be naming names or linking links . That 's not the point . The point is that the Progressive Christian conversation has lost its way , primarily because of the third word in the label : the Internet . The Internet has fostered a disconnect between the Progressive Christian Internetter and rooted , relational church realities , such that the ideology expressed online has become an end in itself rather than a means tethered to the end of ecclesia . The conversation is increasingly non - incarnational . Whereas evangelical church - planting culture is often plagued by shallow pragmatism , the Progressive Christian Internet goes to the oth er extreme , philosophizing its way out of any substantial , practical ecclesial application . He does mention a few specific instances without naming names , but those familiar enough with what he 's talking about would be able to figure it out . That 's not really the important issue , though . The issue is the overall tone and tactics of the corners of the internet he 's looking to leave behind . And I totally get it , because I 've seen many of the things he mentions for myself . While I enjoy social media , there have been certain aspects of it that I 've given up on or distanced myself from because I have n't found it edifying any more . There was a period of a couple years where all the deconstruction and dreamy pontification really spoke to me . But it also came with a lot of snark and unnecessary clique formation where people were no longer able to see that we 're on the same freaking side . It became tiresome . I 'm much more selective nowadays as to what authors / blogs / tweeters I keep up with . I myself do n't see the need to give up everything cold turkey , but I get why somebody would . What if we honestly connected with people by asking them about their lives , their stories , their fears ? Before we started programs , before we planted churches , before we redeveloped establish churches , what if we simply connected with people we already know and people we meet in our daily living ? What if we stopped making assumptions about each other based on age , race , religion , etc . and simply connected as individuals ? This is the type of thing that should be stapled to every \" church growth expert 's \" forehead . Stop telling me what this or that generation wants . What we really can only know is what this person , and then this person , and then this person wants . But y' all will write your books and charge for your conferences anyway . The thing referenced in the post title . One thing I told myself I 'd do less of on this blog this year , if not cut out completely , was write about sports . But with this news , I could n't help myself : . ANN ARBOR , Mich. -- University of Michigan head football coach Brady Hoke announced today ( Wednesday , Jan. 8) that offensive coordinator Al Borges will not be retained for the 2014 season . \" Decisions like these are never easy , \" said Hoke . \" I have a great amount of respect for Al as a football coach and , more importantly , as a person . I appreciate everything he has done for Michigan Football for the past three seasons . \" Prior to joining U - M in 2011 , Borges was a member of Hoke 's staff at San Diego State in 2009 and ' 10 . The Wolverines will begin spring practice on Feb. 25 and finish with the annual Spring Game on Saturday , April 5 , at Michigan Stadium . To say that most Michigan fans were a bit unhappy with the way Michigan 's season progressed in 2013 is a bit of an understatement . A large chunk of the blame was placed on Borges , who did n't seem to set up his offense for success with his play calling . Once the other team 's defense figured out his plan , he had nothing to fall back on in the midst of games , and overall the personnel did n't seem to match what he wanted to do . So now he 's been let go , fulfilling the wish of most of the fan base . Nussmeier 's got a pretty good resume both as an OC and a QB coach , what with Smoker / Stanton / Bulger / Price / Locker / McCarron on his resume , and quickly climbed the ladder . He 's got a good rep as a recruiter and at 43 is relatively young for a BCS offensive coordinator ; his Washington offenses were spread / pro mish - mash amalgams and then he seemed to do just fine with Alabama 's pro - style attack . It 's possible Michigan was going to ride with Borges for another year before the rarest commodity of all appeared : a proven college offensive coordinator with pro - style genes . Today is my nine - year blogging anniversary . Nine years of writing at this address . Crazy , is n't it ? This blog is just a year away from being a decade old . I 'm actually going to be bumping up against a couple big 10-year anniversaries this year and the first month of 2015 . 10 years since I graduated seminary . 10 years since I started in full - time pastoral ministry . 10 years for this blog . And then 10 years of ordination . I 'll mark each one with at least some expression of thankfulness and some degree of reflection . That , and I 've occasionally written what I think is some good stuff here , and I 'll continue to drudge some of that back up in anticipation of this writing milestone in particular . So yes , expect a certain amount of both looking back and looking forward . My hope is that this will be a prayerful exercise of celebrating where I 've been and discerning where I 'm going . Katherine Willis Pershey did an intriguing thing in 2013 : rather than make a series of resolutions , she picked a word that would sum up what she 'd strive to do and be through the year . Her word was \" advocate , \" which led to her taking an active stance regarding gun reforms . I want to be gentle with myself . I want to be gentle with others . I 'm probably not - okay , definitely not - going to stop being idealistic or perfectionistic , but I can at least practice some gentleness in the midst of all that endless striving . I find this concept simultaneously inspiring and terrifying . I wrote the other day about some of the things I want to strive to do this next year , and in some ways I think it can be summed up thus : . Share . I was very drawn into myself in 2013 . The positive moments came when I picked up the phone and reached out to people , whether to talk over some of the stuff I needed to get through my system , to catch up , or just to get out for a night . On top of that , it took me needing to tell people I needed to talk ; they were n't going to read my mind . Being able to share a Five Iron Frenzy concert with an old friend was good for my soul . Even sharing books off of my bookshelf with people whom I thought would enjoy them was important for me to do . So , the seeds are planted . Now for this year , I plan to nurture it further , to share myself more with others in a way that I really have n't for a long time . So this is my word for 2014 : share . To share more of who I am , what I need , and what I have . "}
{"url": "http://www.nysenate.gov/blogs/2010/jan/21/reforming-albany", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701155060.45/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193915-00012-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Mohammad Moqim watches in despair as his men struggle with their AK-47 automatic rifles , doing their best to hit man - size targets 50 meters away . A few of the police trainees lying prone in the mud are decent shots , but the rest shoot clumsily , and fumble as they try to reload their weapons . The Afghan National Police ( ANP ) captain sighs as he dismisses one group of trainees and orders 25 more to take their places on the firing line . \" We are still at zero , \" says Captain Moqim , 35 , an eight - year veteran of the force . \" They do n't listen , are undisciplined , and will never be real policemen . \" Poor marksmanship is the least of it . Worse , crooked Afghan cops supply much of the ammunition used by the Taliban , according to Saleh Mohammed , an insurgent commander in Helmand province . The bullets and rocket - propelled grenades sold by the cops are cheaper and of better quality than the ammo at local markets , he says . It 's easy for local cops to concoct credible excuses for using so much ammunition , especially because their supervisors try to avoid areas where the Taliban are active . Mohammed says local police sometimes even stage fake firefights so that if higher - ups question their outsize orders for ammo , villagers will say they 've heard fighting . America has spent more than $ 6 billion since 2002 in an effort to create an effective Afghan police force , buying weapons , building police academies , and hiring defense contractors to train the recruits - but the program has been a disaster . More than $ 322 million worth of invoices for police training were approved even though the funds were poorly accounted for , according to a government audit , and fewer than 12 percent of the country 's police units are capable of operating on their own . Ambassador Richard Holbrooke , the State Department 's top representative in the region , has publicly called the Afghan police \" an inadequate organization , riddled with corruption . \" During the Obama administration 's review of Afghanistan policy last year , \" this issue received more attention than any other except for the question of U.S. troop levels , \" Holbrooke later told NEWSWEEK . \" We drilled down deep into this . \" The worst of it is that the police are central to Washington 's plans for getting out of Afghanistan . The U.S.-backed government in Kabul will never have popular support if it ca n't keep people safe in their own homes and streets . Yet in a United Nations poll last fall , more than half the Afghan respondents said the police are corrupt . Police commanders have been implicated in drug trafficking , and when U.S. Marines moved into the town of Aynak last summer , villagers accused the local police force of extortion , assault , and rape . The public 's distrust of the cops is palpable in the former insurgent stronghold of Marja . Village elders welcomed the U.S. Marines who recently drove out the Taliban , but told the Americans flatly they do n't want the ANP to return . \" The people of Marja will tell you that one of their greatest fears was the police coming back , \" says Lt . Gen. William Caldwell , who took over in November as chief of the U.S. program to expand and improve Afghanistan 's security forces . \" You constantly hear these stories about who was worse : the Afghan police that were there or the Taliban . \" The success of America 's counterinsurgency strategy depends on the cops , who have greater contact with local communities than the Army does . \" This is not about seizing land or holding terrain ; it 's about the people , \" says Caldwell . \" You have to have a police force that the people accept , believe in , and trust . \" More than a year after Barack Obama took office , the president is still discovering how bad things are . At a March 12 briefing on Afghanistan with his senior advisers , he asked whether the police will be ready when America 's scheduled drawdown begins in July 2011 , according to a senior official who was in the room . \" It 's inconceivable , but in fact for eight years we were n't training the police , \" replied Caldwell , taking part in the meeting via video link from Afghanistan . \" We just never trained them before . All we did was give them a uniform . \" The president looked stunned . \" Eight years , \" he said . \" And we did n't train police ? It 's mind - boggling . \" The room was silent . Efforts to build a post - Taliban police force have been plagued from the start by unrealistic goals , poor oversight , and slapdash hiring . Patrolmen were recruited locally , issued weapons , and placed on the beat with little or no formal training . Most of their techniques have been picked up on the job - including plenty of ugly habits . Even now , Caldwell says , barely a quarter of the 98,000-member force has received any formal instruction . The people who oversaw much of the training that did take place were contractors - many of them former American cops or sheriffs . They themselves had little proper direction , and the government officials overseeing their activities did not bother to examine most expenses under $ 3,000 , leaving room for abuse . Amazingly , no single agency or individual ever had control of the training program for long , so lines of accountability were blurred . Coalition efforts to build an Afghan police force were painfully slow at first . By 2003 the U.S. State Department decided to speed things up by deploying the Virginia - based defense contractor DynCorp International , which had held previous contracts to train police officers in Kosovo and Haiti . The company began setting up a string of training centers across the country . After the Defense Department took a role in overseeing that work in 2005 , it squabbled constantly with State over whether the training should emphasize police work or counterinsurgency . Neither the State Department nor DynCorp was prepared for the job they faced . Most of the recruits are rural villagers who have never been inside a classroom . Roughly 15 percent test positive for drugs , primarily hashish . Few know how to use a toothbrush or drive , and nearly 90 percent are illiterate . In 2005 DynCorp opened a new police academy on the outskirts of Jalalabad , and within a few months the academy 's drains backed up . Maintenance workers discovered that the septic tanks were full of smooth stones - a toilet - paper substitute used by many rural Afghans . DynCorp had to bring in backhoes to repair the problem , and the company had to add two days of classes in basic hygiene . The ANP still takes just about anyone who applies . \" Our recruits are unemployed youth with no education and no prospects , \" says Police Col . Mohammad Hashim Babakarkhil , deputy commander of Kabul 's central police - training center . Since January 2007 , upwards of 2,000 police have been killed in action - more than twice the figure for Afghan Army soldiers . U.S. officers say as many as half the police casualties were a result of firearms accidents and traffic collisions . It 's practically impossible to produce competent police officers in a program of only eight weeks , says a former senior DynCorp executive , requesting anonymity because he continues to work in the industry . But that was the time frame State and Defense set for the course . \" They were not going to be trained police officers . We knew that . They knew that , \" the former executive says . \" It was a numbers game . \" In fact , the course has now been cut from eight weeks to six in order to squeeze in more trainees . ( \" We believe the training is appropriate under the circumstances , \" says Assistant Secretary of State David Johnson . DynCorp spokesman Douglas Ebner says the basic - training course is part of a more extensive 40-week program , and is supported by further \" field monitoring , mentoring , and advising . \" Training hours have been extended to make up for the lost weeks , he says . DynCorp does \" not make the policies , recruit the police candidates , or design the program , \" he adds , saying the company has \" fully met \" its objective of providing highly qualified police trainers . ) Whether or not recruits have mastered their subjects , almost everyone graduates . Even if they fail the firearms test , they 're issued a weapon and put on the street . Only the Interior Ministry can flunk a candidate , and that rarely happens . \" There were a lot of Afghans who seemed to have some patriotism and wanted to make their country better , \" recalls Tracy Jeansonne , a former deputy sheriff from Louisiana who worked for DynCorp from May 2006 to June 2008 . \" But a lot of the police officers wanted to be able to extort money from locals . If we caught them , we 'd suggest they be removed . But we could n't fire anybody . We could only make suggestions . \" A former midlevel DynCorp official calls the program \" dysfunctional . \" Requesting anonymity because he does n't want problems with his former employer , he displays dozens of weekly reports sent to State and military officials ; almost all include some mention of an Afghan police officer or commander as \" corrupt . \" Yet of the 170,000 or so Afghans trained under the program since its inception , only about 30,000 remain on the force , according to State and Defense officials . \" In terms of retention and attrition , we can say there 's a problem , \" says Steve Kraft , who oversees the program for the State Department . The cops ' base salary and hazardous - duty pay were recently raised to match Afghan Army levels , but no one knows if those changes are really helping . \" Once they leave the training center , we currently do n't know whether they stay with the force or quit , \" Kraft says . \" The bottom line is , we just do n't know . \" And what has become of all the billions of dollars this program has cost America ? Government investigators are n't entirely sure . Fundamental questions are raised in an audit of the Afghan police - training program released in February by the State and Defense departments ' inspectors general . When State finally sent an \" invoice - reconciliation team \" to review expense receipts submitted under one particular contract , it discovered that $ 322 million in invoices had been \" approved even though they were not allowable , allocable , or reasonable . \" What 's more , the auditors said , half those invoices included errors . The lapses do n't stop there . The audit says State Department officials \" did not conduct adequate surveillance for two task orders in excess of $ 1 billion . \" ( DynCorp 's Ebner responds : \" We are fully engaged with the Department of State to ensure complete and thorough reconciliation of all invoices , and recognize and welcome the emphasis on sufficient oversight personnel to complete this process . \" ) Those failures should have been no surprise . The audit also found that State routinely short - staffed its contract - monitoring office in Afghanistan . At one point , only three contract officers were on the ground overseeing DynCorp 's $ 1.7 billion training contract . A former DynCorp official who worked in Afghanistan , asking not to be named because he remains in the government contracting business , says he asked the State Department repeatedly for concrete goals for the police contract but never got firm answers . \" I 'd ask them : ' Please explain to me what a successful training program was . What are the standards you want us to apply ? ' There was no vision for the future . \" A new set of difficulties arose last summer . Caldwell 's predecessor , Gen. Richard Formica , decided that Defense should take direct control of the training contract . To avoid a lengthy bidding competition , he suggested folding the police - training mission into an existing anti - drug and counterterrorism program overseen by the U.S. Army 's Space and Missile Defense Command . Bids were limited to companies already under contract to the missile command , effectively shutting out DynCorp . In the end , only two firms wound up bidding : Northrop Grumman and Xe Services , formerly known as Blackwater . DynCorp fought back . In December the company filed a formal protest to block the Defense Department from seizing control of the contract . Last week the Government Accountability Office upheld DynCorp 's complaint and suggested that the competition be open to all comers , including DynCorp as well as Xe and Northrop . DynCorp 's CEO , William Ballhaus , recently told investors that the company 's contract had been extended until July in any case ; now it seems the new bidding process will take much longer . At Kabul 's police training center , a team of 35 Italian carabinieri recently arrived to supplement DynCorp 's efforts . Before the Italians showed up at the end of January for a one - year tour , the recruits were posting miserable scores on the firing range . But the Italians soon discovered that poor marksmanship was n't the only reason : the sights of the AK-47 and M-16 rifles the recruits were using were badly out of line . \" We zeroed all their weapons , \" says Lt . Rolando Tommasini . \" It 's a very important thing , but no one had done this in the past . I do n't know why . \" The Italians also had a different way of teaching the recruits to shoot . DynCorp 's instructors started their firearms training with 20-round clips at 50 meters ; the recruits could n't be sure at first if they were even hitting the target . Instead the carabinieri started them off with just three bullets each and a target only seven meters away . The recruits would shoot , check the target , and be issued three more rounds . When they began gaining confidence , the distance was gradually increased to 15 , then 30 , and then 50 meters . On a recent day on the firing range only one of 73 recruits failed the shooting test . The Italians say that 's a huge improvement . ( DynCorp says its civilian police advisers are \" highly qualified \" ; the average trainer has more than a decade of law - enforcement experience . ) Caldwell also says it 's just easier to work with paramilitary police units , such as the Italians and the French gendarmerie , than with contractors . Active - duty police units have a coherent and disciplined chain of command , Caldwell says . \" When I bring in a contractor unit I 'm getting a different group of folks , \" he says . \" It may be someone who was a state patrolman , a local sheriff , or a policeman from New York City , each operating under different standards and with different backgrounds . \" Everything has to be negotiated . \" If I say to my contractor that I want to make a change , he may say , ' Well , I 'm not sure if that 's really the best way , ' \" says Caldwell . \" But if I can bring in a gendarmerie force , they 're ready to go ... and take instructions well . \" By the end of October , Caldwell hopes to build the force to 109,000 members , including an \" elite unit \" that so far has roughly 4,900 members . That outfit is called the Afghan National Civil Order Police ( ANCOP ) . It 'll be used for particularly sensitive assignments like Marja . ANCOP members get 16 weeks of training , and they 're required to have at least a third - grade proficiency in reading and writing . So far , reviews from Marja are mixed . \" The new police are more organized , committed , responsible , and helpful than the previous police , who were more like a criminal gang , \" Assadullah , a school principal , tells Newsweek . ( Like many Afghans , he uses only one name . ) Local shopkeeper Hajji Noruddin Khan disagrees . \" We are as disappointed with the new police as we were with the old police , \" he complains . Quality matters . Brig . Gen. Larry Nicholson , the top U.S. Marine commander in southern Afghanistan , puts it more succinctly : \" I 'd rather have one well - trained cop than 10 untrained . \" Besides , the fact is that no one is quite sure how many Afghan police there really are . The Americans are only now in the process of trying to create a database that will positively identify and track recruits . Without such data , it 's more than difficult to catch \" ghost \" troops who exist only as names on the payroll , not to mention possible Taliban infiltrators . But the buildup continues , and so does the training . On the firing range just outside Kabul , one of the few decent marksmen is Khair Mohammad , an illiterate 24-year - old from northern Afghanistan . \" I 've already had a lot of practice shooting at the Taliban , \" he says . He 's been a cop for two years , serving one year in Kandahar and another on checkpoints just outside Marja . \" I lost a lot of friends in the fighting , \" he says . Now he 's getting his first taste of formal training , and hoping to join ANCOP . He figures he 'd earn about double the $ 180 a month ( including combat pay ) he 's been getting . His trainers are doing their best to make him worth the extra salary . \" One thing the police do n't know is good relations with the people , \" says Carabinieri Lt . Col . Massimo Deiana . \" We 're trying to train them to respect and relate to people . \" If such a skill is teachable at all , it could be far more important in the long run than knowing how to shoot straight . Republish This Story for Free . Thank you for your interest in republishing the story . You are are free republish it so long as you do the following : . You ca n't edit our material , except to reflect relative changes in time , location and editorial style . ( For example , \" yesterday \" can be changed to \" last week , \" and \" Portland , Ore. \" to \" Portland \" or \" here . \" ) If you 're republishing online , you have link to us and to include all of the links from our story , as well as our PixelPing tag . You ca n't sell our material separately . It 's okay to put our stories on pages with ads , but not ads specifically sold against our stories . You ca n't republish our material wholesale , or automatically ; you need to select stories to be republished individually . You can not republish our photographs without specific permission ( ask our Public Relations Director Minhee Cho if you 'd like to ) . You have to credit us - ideally in the byline . We prefer \" Author Name , ProPublica . \" "}
{"url": "http://la.streetsblog.org/2014/04/21/eyes-on-the-street-sunset-triangle-park-plaza-gets-new-paint/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701156448.92/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193916-00199-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Guests . Celebrations are being prepared in Little Rock , Arkansas , for the 50th anniversary of one of the pivotal events of the civil rights era . In September 1957 , three years after the Supreme Court 's landmark Brown v. Board of Education ruling , a group of African - American students attempted to desegregate the all - white Central High School in Little Rock . They were escorted into the school by armed National Guard after local authorities vowed to block their entry . We speak with one of the Little Rock Nine , Minnijean Brown - Trickey , and the filmmakers Craig and Brent Renaud , creators of the new HBO documentary \" Little Rock Central : 50 Years Later . \" [ includes rush transcript ] . TRANSCRIPT . This is a rush transcript . Copy may not be in its final form . JUAN GONZALEZ : Well , as the eyes of the nation focus on Jena , Louisiana , today , celebrations are being prepared in Little Rock , Arkansas , for the 50th anniversary of one of the pivotal events of the civil rights era . In September 1957 , three years after the Supreme Court 's landmark Brown v. Board of Education ruling , a group of African - American students attempted to desegregate the all - white Central High School in Little Rock . Arkansas 's Governor Orval Faubus defied the Supreme Court 's ruling and ordered the National Guard to prevent the nine teenagers from attending classes . The order sparked a national controversy . AMY GOODMAN : President Dwight Eisenhower responded by sending Army troops from the 101st Airborne to Little Rock . On September 25 , 1957 , the armed troops escorted the nine students into the school . The students became known as the Little Rock Nine . One of those students joins us today in our firehouse studio . Her name is Minnijean Brown - Trickey . She was 16 years old at the time . She is featured in the new HBO documentary Little Rock Central : 50 Years Later , produced and directed by two brothers , one of them an alumnus of Central High . That 's Craig and Brent Renaud , Downtown Community Television , here in our firehouse studio . They are all here because the film premiered last night at HBO headquarters in New York . We welcome you all to Democracy Now ! We 're going to begin with Minnijean . Tell us what happened 50 years ago . How did you become one of the Little Rock Nine ? MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : It 's very simple . The school board sent - announced to the black school , if you live in the Central High district and you want to go , sign up . And I and three of my friends put our names down . Apparently , there was a selection process , and I 'm not really sure how that worked . But on September 3rd , nine kids showed up to enter Central High School . We were rejected by the Arkansas National Guard and the mob that was screaming hatred . We went home , disappointed , returned again on September 23rd . The mob had grown in intensity , even though the Arkansas National Guards had been removed , and we had to come out again . And it was on September 25th that we were accompanied by the 101st Airborne Division to walk into Central High School . JUAN GONZALEZ : And , of course , it was a Republican president , Dwight Eisenhower , who sent the troops , saying that it was at that time an enormously contentious issue for the federal government to step in and actually confront a local governor . Could you talk about that day , as the federal troops were confronting the officials of the state ? MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : Well , our lawyer was Thurgood Marshall , and he explained to us , this is a constitutional conflict . You 're in the middle of something amazing . We shall see what happens . And , of course , as it turned out , it 's probably one of the most important American history stories , because it involves everything . It 's presidents - can I think - I was 16 . I was fascinated by the whole process , and I 've continued to be fascinated by it for my entire life . AMY GOODMAN : I mean , it 's a remarkable story when you see the white mobs outside . Mobs are the parents of the other kids at the high school . Tell us who you nine were . You knew two , three of the other of the students ? MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : Well , we lived in the segregated society of Little Rock , Arkansas , Jim Crow South . The rules were : You have to know your place . You drink out of the colored water fountains . We had just gotten maybe to the front of the bus . So , going to school , even though we were n't - I do n't think we were thinking about it , seemed to be a way of opening up some of that , I think . We were really na\u00efve - I will admit that - and we did know each other , because we went to the black schools in Little Rock , so we knew each other . And we did it independently , in some ways , in different rooms , in different homes . It was pretty amazing . JUAN GONZALEZ : What were the conditions in Central High , compared to the school you had gone to previously , in terms of the actual learning environment , the buildings themselves , the kinds of textbooks and the material that you had available to you ? MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : Well , Central High was named the most beautiful high school in America when it was built . Huge . It 's huge . It covers a couple of blocks . It 's got every facility . It 's got a gym . It 's got a track . It has a stadium . And it just seemed to be - really have a great contrast to where I was going to school . So why not ? It was in my neighborhood . AMY GOODMAN : So on September 25th , describe the scene . You came in a military vehicle ? MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : Yes . We were picked up by a military vehicle . We squeezed into this station wagon . At the front were , I guess , anti- - I never saw military equipment , but anti - aircraft guns or machine guns in the front and in the back . When we stepped out of the station wagon , we were surrounded by 101st Airborne guards , who had fixed bayonets and helmets , and walked into history . AMY GOODMAN : Were the other white students in school at that point ? MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : They were . And it was almost as if it could be a movie set . We were just surrounded by soldiers and feeling very safe for the first time . It was unbelievable . JUAN GONZALEZ : And in the days that followed , once you got settled into the school , how did the white students relate to you and the others who had integrated the school ? MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : Well , I think the Little Rock Nine decided that we would sort of make it really clear . We say that 75 to a hundred people who were just constantly violating our bodies and minds , 20 nice kids , and 1,900-plus silent witnesses , the sort of Elie Wiesel - people who stood by , watched and said nothing . AMY GOODMAN : What was being screamed at you by the parents outside ? And did you recognize any of them ? MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : No , I did n't . And I was fascinated by the fact that many of them were women . And they were screaming - I love it - \" Integration is communism , \" \" Go back to Africa , \" as well as all the sort of negatively descriptive terms . But I was fascinated by \" Go back to Africa . \" I had no relationship to Africa in my mind . I did n't really understand that . But \" Integration is communism \" was a strange thing to hear . And it just really got very loud and sounded very scary . So that 's my great memory of Central High , is the fear . And I know that some of the other Little Rock Nine say that that was the day they were most afraid , and they do n't think they could handle being that afraid again . AMY GOODMAN : We 're going to go to break , and when we come back , we 'll come 50 years forward to Central High today , to Arkansas Central . We will talk with you and the Renaud brothers about this documentary on this half - century later . Stay with us . [ break ] . AMY GOODMAN : We 're going to turn now to two excerpts of the HBO documentary Little Rock Central . This is Brandon Love , an African - American student leader at Little Rock Central . BRANDON LOVE : Tonight , I get sworn in as student body president here at Central . Being a black student , it means something , because what happened 50 years ago , you always have to think about it . I mean , it 's something that you think about every day , because these are the same steps that almost 50 years ago , you know , they would n't let the black students in . You know , the National Guard had to escort everybody in , these same steps , the very doors . It 's a big deal . AMY GOODMAN : The documentary also features footage of Minnijean Brown - Trickey returning to Little Rock Central and talking to students . MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : So imagine , just for the heck of it , imagine what it feels like , a veteran of the civil rights movement , to sit here and watch this class configure itself . If you look at , for instance , Little Rock today , we still line up on two sides of color . And if we keep on saying and talking about and doing the same things that we 've been doing forever , we 're going to stay the same . And I 'm really sorry for us . AMY GOODMAN : Can you tell us what it was like coming back to school after 50 years , Minnijean ? MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : Coming back to school and watching children sit on two sides of the room , black kids , white kids - the number of other ethnicities is low at Central High - to come into a room and see that broke my heart . But I decided my heart was broken because they did n't know better . They had n't been told better . They were doing what we 've sort of prepared them to do over time . So , in a way , everybody says , \" Well , you know , those kids have a responsibility , \" and I do n't blame the kids . They know little about the desegregation crisis . They have little understanding or knowledge of all the movements that have taken place in this country . So , in fact , they 're behaving as they should , with being miseducated , uneducated and somehow diminished in their ability to think about these issues . JUAN GONZALEZ : Well , as we 've been reporting on the Jena Six in Louisiana - and it 's not just in the South . MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : Right . Several of them , including their coach , beaten as they were yelling \" Slavery time ! \" and \" N -- er ! \" to the group - to the students . And the police ended up arresting some of the whites finally , but not charging them with anything other than misdemeanor assault . And now the coach and the team are attempting to demand hate crime charges against these folks , and they feel that the police department is underplaying it , quite the opposite of what 's happening in Jena . So when you see these incidents occurring and involving students in the North and the South , what 's your sense of what was accomplished by all of the battles that occurred in the ' 50s and the ' 60s ? MINNIJEAN BROWN - TRICKEY : That 's an amazing question , and I really do n't have the answer . But when I see these young men and the film they made , I know that there was a shift in consciousness , in that they thought deeply about some of these issues . So , obviously , it 's had great impact . AMY GOODMAN : Well , Craig and Brent , let 's turn to you , two brothers . You grew up in Little Rock , now well - known filmmakers . You did Arkansas Goes to War , that remarkable series of documentaries . You embedded with the Arkansas National Guard . Craig , you 're an alumnus of Central High , of Little Rock Central . How did you go about doing this film ? CRAIG RENAUD : Well , having graduated from Central High School , you know , the school remains prominent in your mind once you leave Little Rock . And ever since we became filmmakers , we 've really wanted to go back and make a documentary at Central High School . We had actually approached the school a number of years ago about doing a documentary . The timing was n't right then . And when we came back from Iraq with the 50th anniversary upon us , we were fortunate enough to be given full access to go back to the school 50 years later after integration . AMY GOODMAN : Brent , you sat in that school for months before picking up a camera ? BRENT RENAUD : Yeah . I mean , we 're not experts on education , and we do n't pretend that we have - you know , even know necessarily the problems or know the answers to it . So what we did is we sat in the classrooms . We got to know the teachers for months before we ever brought a camera in . And there were two things that people were really telling us . One was that it was an incredible school , ranked now in the top 20th in the nation in Newsweek for its advanced placement programs . But a lot of teachers , especially after we got to know them , kept coming to us and said , \" There 's another story here also . There 's something besides the PR story . And we challenge you guys to look a little bit deeper . \" And so , what we did is , rather than necessarily taking either of those positions , we picked a nice cross - section of kids from diverse backgrounds and let them tell the story of what Central is like for them today . JUAN GONZALEZ : And what 's the racial makeup of the school today , and also of the teaching staff at the school ? CRAIG RENAUD : The school itself is about 52 , 53 percent African American and just under 50 percent Caucasians at the school , and then a small sampling of other minorities at the school , as well . JUAN GONZALEZ : What about the teacher corps ? CRAIG RENAUD : The teacher corps , I 'm not sure of the statistics of the teachers at the school . AMY GOODMAN : One of the things you point out in this documentary - you show just by being in the classes - is the segregation that comes with AP , with advanced placement classes . Explain how that works . I mean , you were a student there , too , Craig . CRAIG RENAUD : Yeah . I graduated from Central in 1992 , and , you know , I took AP classes , and the situation was very similar then . And we were actually quite surprised to come back into the school 15 years later and find that these issues were still persisting in the school . And basically , what you have at Central is you have a school that 's ranked top 20 in the country for the advanced placement classes , but on the whole you find very few African Americans in these classes . And so , that was something that we looked at in the film , and it 's something that people were talking about openly in the film and very candidly . BRENT RENAUD : And because it is so well regarded - . AMY GOODMAN : Brent . BRENT RENAUD : - the top students in Little Rock , most of whom have affluent backgrounds , seek that school out . And so , they go there . So what you have in issue is where maybe other places in the country and urban inner - city schools , there 's been a lot of white flight away from the schools . They actually come and seek the school out . And that 's why you get a fairly decent makeup when you - white and black . But they 're seeking it out for those advanced placement classes , and as a result , they 're almost entirely white students from very affluent backgrounds . JUAN GONZALEZ : One of the things that 's been coming out recently - you mentioned a white flight that occurred , and throughout the South , actually , after the integration was implemented , many whites sent their kids to private schools . Now , you 're getting a redistricting of a lot of these schools to bring whites back in , but there appears to be a sort of a re - segregation of some of these districts as a - in an effort to bring whites back into the public school system . Did the film touch at all on any of these - the current issues that are occurring in terms of segregation and desegregation ? CRAIG RENAUD : No , we did n't go that broad , in terms of the overall issues of segregation in the school districts . You know , you have a lot of people in the white community that , I think , fear that those same issues will occur in Little Rock if certain things are n't dealt a certain way . And then you have other people concerned that there 's a large population of the school , or the African - American students , who are n't being properly served in these districts . So you do have this resurfacing in Little Rock , as well . Editions . Democracy Now ! Follow . SUPPORT INDEPENDENT NEWS . Democracy Now ! is a 501(c)3 non - profit news organization . We do not accept funding from advertising , underwriting or government agencies . We rely on contributions from our viewers and listeners to do our work . Please do your part today . "}
{"url": "http://librarychronicles.blogspot.com/2013/01/compare-and-contrast.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166141.55/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00035-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Gene Notes . On March 30 , 1866 in Minster , Ohio - Carolina Meyer daughter of Henrich Anton Meyer & Anna Maria Elizabeth Decker , at the age of 12 years . Anna Decker Meyer died in 1859 , leaving her husband with their three surviving children . Not me ! I am married to the love of my life . I just happen to be working on marriage records right now and I ca n't believe how many of the marriages were recorded in more than one place . For instance , I 've found several that were recorded in two different towns in Massachusetts . I 'm not really sure why that was done , but generally it states which town they were married in . Then , I have an index marriage record for Joseph Foster Percival & Margaret Snow in Maine and a record in Massachusetts . Weird . Even my parents have their marriage recorded in two places - 1946 in Fremont , Ohio and 1947 in Detroit , Michigan . The Detroit one is only a church service , no license . Sometimes I ca n't believe the crap we get from Ancestry . I 'm sure their bottom line is suffering because they are n't growing as fast as they like , and as a result they are dumping web - based databases into their own . The latest ? Find - a - Grave . What happened to adding NEW , PREVIOUSLY UNSEEN OR UNINDEXED RECORDS ? It 's the biggest thing to happen to family history in 72 years - the release of the 1940 U.S. Census . And we want you to play a starring role . This select group will be our 1940 census trailblazers , grabbing firsts , freebies and updates before anyone else - and sharing what they learn about the 1940 census with their friends , fans , family and other social channels . First , I will admit I was a little short - sighted about getting all the city directories for my grandfather Percival before we moved out of the Detroit area . My bad . However , Ancestry has been touting using the city directories to assist in locating relatives on the 1940 census . These are the problems I 've encountered with that : . Incomplete directories . The last name is Percival , not gon na find it in a directory that only goes to the Gs . Street index . The 1940 index starts at T. I checked Virginia Park . Not there . Okay , maybe the family still lived on Ferguson for a couple years after my grandmother 's death . Oh , wait , it starts at T. 1934 - 1938 directories are no help . In 1930 , my grandparents were living at 4203 Dickerson . I know they also lived on Ferguson for a while - my dad remembers living there during the Great Depression . On the other side of the family , my mother 's side ? Mom was living with her aunt Rose and uncle John Ochenfeld / Ochensfeld / Ochsenfeld until Rose 's death on November 20 , 1939 . At that time , uncle John went to live with one of his children and my mother lived briefly with a friend , Carmen and a relative , Myrtle Whiteside McCarty before going to work for the Hopkinses . Her sister lived with two different uncles , her brother with a cousin , but by 1940 , he was 17 . I 'm not even sure my grandfather was enumerated because rumor has it he was living on the streets by this time . Um . I have my work cut out for me . I think I 'll wait for the indexing . Here 's hoping that the 1940 in indexed better than the 1920 , where Zimmeth was indexed as Gimmith ! Charles Russey died on March 24th , 1879 in Cass County , Michigan . His death record says he was 45 . Charles Russey was the second of three known husbands of Mary Percival ( daughter of Cullen Percival and Rachel Quigley . ) Her first husband 's surname was Danks and that is all I know about him . After Charles ' death , Mary married William Sears . As a daughter , I am sure I knew my dad in ways my grandfather did n't . However , since I was not born yet in 1943 , the year the letters I am transcribing were written , there is a side to my dad I had no inkling of . The following letter is an example : . Tuesday . I keep expecting an induction notice for Frank , but none has come as yet . He told me yesterday that he expected the induction notice to arrive about 2 weeks after the blood test , which would be about Aug. 27th , with an induction date of Sept. 3rd or 4th . Do not know where he got his dope . If he gets into the Seabees he would leave about Sept. 10th ; if it is the army he will leave about Sept 24th . He told me also that he would try the Seabees first , then the army , and if he could not get into either , he would try to get into the Merchant Marine service . He also tells me that after the war he and Bill Badgero are going up into the Northern part of the state , build themselves a cabin and live by hunting , fishing and trapping . Does n't sound like he is too ambitious does it ? he will probably have two or three more ideas before that time comes . We received a letter from Maw - Maw today in which she said she had not heard from me since your wedding . I feel badly about it too , but am sure I wrote her , because told her in that letter that she need not send the letter on to Aunt Bessie as I had written her all about the wedding . I wrote Maw - Maw twice before you arrived home , once a week or two before to tell her of your plans , and then again as soon as I knew the date and hour of the wedding . Can not imagine what happened to the letter , either I lost it before I mailed it or it was lost in the mail . Will take a good look around the room to be certain the letter was not left there . My dad living in a cabin in the UP ? Or even just the northern part of the LP ( for you non - Michiganders , Michigan has an Upper Peninsula and a Lower Peninsula . We LP - ers make fun of the UP - ers and the UP - ers call us trolls . ) Anyway , my dad living off the land ? I 'm sure he could have done it and then told everyone else what they were doing wrong , but I really ca n't picture that . I keep reminding myself that at the time he was newly turned 18 . Bill Badgero was one of his good buds , and it was Bill and his girl Janet that my parents drove to Fremont , Ohio with so that Bill & Janet had witnesses for their elopement . Yeah . My parents got married that day too ! Grandma , was my dad 's grandmother , Helen Maitland Percival ; Maw - Maw was his grandmother Elizabeth Webb Bowman . I 'm back to transcribing the letters written mostly by my grandfather to my Uncle John Percival . John Percival , Jr. that is . I 've tried not to read ahead as that sometimes spoils the letters for me and confuses me when I start transcribing again . At any rate , one of the latest batches of letters includes one from Grandpa to Uncle Johnny , relating to him that Frank ( my dad ) has gone and tried to enlist on May 27th , 1943 . Grandpa had to go to the draft board and show them Frank 's birth certificate - Frank was only 17 at the time . I can imagine the fireworks when Grandpa got home from work and confronted my dad . Glad I was n't there ! I love reading other blogs when I get the time - genealogy blogs , craft blogs - It 's just that there are so many ! Cousin Karen over at Genealogy Frame of Mind sent this link to Genealogy Star . Boy does it sum up how I 've been feeling the last few days learning a new computer , new Windows 7 , Photoshop Elements and lots of other stuff . It does n't help that the Photoshops Elements 9 for dummies book has an icon for remembering - they want you to memorize what they tell you when you see that icon . Hello ? I do n't think there 's room for much more up there ! Sophia Caroline Dicke was born February 1 , 1877 in Wabash , Indiana . On September 21 , 1899 she married George Knost , a brother of my great - grandmother , Amelia Knost Meyer . Sophia was the mother of 11 children . She died on March 17 , 1968 , at the age of 91 in New Bremen , Ohio . Today , the easy transfer cable was delivered so that I could transfer files between the old Dell with Windows Vista to the new Dell with Windows 7 - or Red , as I like to refer to her . I transferred 44 gigabytes of mostly images to Red . Older daughter blanched at that . I only had one small problem in that it also must have set the palm check for the touch pad - which I use instead of a mouse . I kill mice , so I prefer to use the touch pad . Installation of a few programs that Easy Transfer reminded me of was simple to do and I feel like I finally accomplished something . Thus prepared , I opened up RootsMagic 5 and set about once again doing data entry and image linking . Tomorrow is clean up and re - arrange day . One of grandkitties is coming to visit grammy and grampy this weekend , and we are excited to see her ! Well , my old Gateway lapto computer is finally giving up the ghost ! I use it for crafting because it is too slow for anything else . The hard drive is fast filling up on my Dell XPS 1530 laptop , so I decided it was time to spring for a new laptop . I was pleasantly surprised to receive it today , a Dell Inspiron 14z in Fire Red , and started with the process of loading it up with software and files ! RootsMagic made the transition well , installation was a breeze and the only thing missing are the 15000 + images that are linked in RootsMagic . They 'd be on now except the easy transfer cable I ordered is coming from a different location and seems to be stalled in Atlanta , Georgia . Surprisingly it is still scheduled to be delivered tomorrow . One can only hope , because I have a lot of other files to transfer ! It 's been a really long and busy day with tomorrow probably just as chaotic . Virginia Carter Huntsberry Chinn - yes - I know I blogged about her . But a nice volunteer from Find - A - Grave got this great headstone photo - pretty much says it all . Recap : W. B. Huntsberry was the first husband of my great - great - great aunt Virginia Carter . George W. Chinn was her second husband . Mariah Abington Chinn was George 's first wife . W. B. Huntsberry and Mariah Chinn died within a few weeks of each other . When researching , I often come across what I think might be intermarriages among family members that I did n't expect . For instance , last week I found a marriage between a Carter and a Vivion or Vivian . Well , wayyyyyy back , I have John Vivion and some of my Webbs were named after him - for instance , John Vivion Webb , the father of John Garland Webb was named for his great grandfather , John Vivion . Of course , I had to take a look and see if there were any common names . One named that popped up was Flavel Vivion who married Martha Campbell and were the parents of Mary Vivion or Vivian who married Joseph L. Carter . Turns out that Flavel was the son of Flavel Vivion and Franky Collen or Cotten ( depending on who wrote the name , I guess . ) Flavel Vivion , Sr . was the son of John Vivian and Martha Gholsom . This John Vivian was the son John Vivian and Jane Smith , from whom I descend . Being the crazy researcher that I am , I went back and grabbed the census and searched a bit for a biography for Flavel ( either one ) but was sadly disappointed . I should n't be surprised at the link since I 've come across many of these unexpected connections while researching in Lafayette county , Missouri . Joseph Carter was a nephew to my great - great - great grandfather , Edwin Carter and a cousin to my great - great grandmother , Elizabeth Carter who married John Garland Webb . Joseph Carter and Mary Vivion 's daughters were therefore related to both the Carters and the Webbs . Elizabeth Carter and John Garland Webb married and produced my great grandmother , Elizabeth Carter Webb who then turned around and married Frank Bowman . And of course recently I chronicled the marriage of Virginia Carter who married first a Huntsberry , and secondly a Chinn . I also have Chinns and Webbs who married . It 's a hot mess ! On October 12 , 2010 , I posted about the brick walls in my six generation chart here . Recently , I was able to break one of those brick walls with the help of Ancestry and a LOT of digging on my part . However , the German parts of my line are still giving me problems , name the Zabrack line and the Beckmeier line . Both are my mom 's lines . FYI , my mom 's line is German , my dad 's is German with some Scots , English , and Irish in it . But its those two lines that really make me crazy . I 've been told Zabrack probably was n't her great - grandmother 's maiden name and Beckmeier could be Bachmeyer , Bachmeier , Backmeier , etc . Maybe someday the genealogy gods will bless me with clues ... . One of the daughters of Edwin Carter & Ann Paul was Marion who married Jesse P. Alexander . Jesse died in 1896 and Marion died in 1905 . So where is Marion in 1900 ? Last week I was trying to be a little more specific in my search by putting in the year + /- 5 . It got me anyone but the John E. Carter I was looking for . this week , I decided I was going to find the elusive Marion Carter Alexander , and decided the ' less is more ' approach is what I wanted . Well , it worked , but not in the way I expected . I put in Mari?n and born in Virginia and no birth year and searched Missouri . This is what I got . You will need to click on the image to see for yourself , but I came up with Marian Walter born in Virginia in 1837 . Close enough , I thought to warrant a look . Yes , the names are reversed . For everyone else on the page it is last name , first name . Not so for Walter G. Alexander . He is actually recorded as Walter G. Alexander . Except he is indexed as G. Alexander Walter , making his mother Marian Walter and not Alexander . I 've still got census work to finish up . Yeah , I know I said I was done with the 1930 and earlier census , but it turns out I 'm not . Right now I have 15 in the queue . The problem is , I am still looking for these Carter families in Missouri and elsewhere . For instance , today I found a couple of marriage records for a couple of the children of Jesse P. & Marion Carter Alexander . And cemetery records . But no death records and it looks like these families are missing in 1900 . Kansas City , give up your census records . Now , please . Because time is getting short with only 28 days until the 1940 census is released . Do you ever wonder how people drop 10 years off their age ? Especially on the census ? I am working on a death certificate for Aileen Robertson , daughter of Kate Cooley & Oscar Robertson . She was born according to the 1900 and 1910 censuses in 1885 . Between 1910 and 1920 she aged one year . The same goes for her mother , Kate Cooley Robertson . According to her death certificate , she was born September 15 , 1897 . The informant was her mother . I noticed mom getting younger on the census too ! However , Aileen was 15 in 1900 , according to the census . Suspicious ? Well , yes ! And , lookie , Kate has shaved 13 YEARS off her age , giving her birth year as 1870 ! Unfortunately , I am still unable to locate daughter Aileen . A friend and fellow researcher insists that people are less likely to lie to the official representative of the United States Government - the census taker . I say \" baloney . \" Either that or they were so intimidated they did n't know what to answer . My own mother - in - law told me she was so nervous when the census taker came for the 1950 census ( the first one where my DH appears , ) she reversed my hubbies age with the number of years they were married ! As always , I like to remind my readers that those family trees online are a starting point , not the end point . I always try to find one that has been sourced , mainly because that usually means they have n't clicked and claimed someone else 's tree . Then I like to duplicate the work . Getting back to Virginia Carter , daughter of Edwin Harvey Carter and Ann Paul , she is listed as \" Jane \" on her marriage record . That 's not too unusual as I have often seen Jennie as a nickname for Virginia , as well as Ginny . At any rate , Virginia married William H or William B. Huntsberry on November 10 , 1857 in Lafayette County , Missouri . The Huntsberry 's were enumerated in 1860 in Dover Township , Lafayette , Missouri . In 1870 , they are NOWHERE to be found . I have had this issue in Lafayette county before . Since Virginia married her next husband in Shelby county , I checked there also , since the Huntsberry 's were both buried there and they owned property there . The 1860 census shows the following family group for the Huntsberry family : . W. H. Huntsberry , age 30 , born in Missouri . Virginia , age 24 , born in Virginia Edwin M. , aged 8 months , born in Virginia Harvey , aged 2 , born in Virginia . The 1880 census of Eureka Springs , Carroll , Arkansas shows George & Virginia Chinn with son Varion , aged 13 . George and Virginia were married in 1874 , so Varion is probably Huntsberry and not Chinn . A quick check of the Missouri Death Records proves that he is the son of William Huntsberry and Virginia Carter ( her name given here is Mary Virginia . ) Now we get into Land Atlases . Mrs. G. W. Chinn is listed in 1878 as landowner in Section 56 of Pettis county , Missouri . In 1902 , her son Varion S. Huntsberry is listed as owner of the same plot of land . So now I have linked Virginia Carter to George W Chinn and Varion S. Huntsberry . George W. Chinn was my second cousin 4 times removed and Virginia Carter Huntsberry Chinn was my second great grandaunt ! I 'm thinking it was a good thing they did n't have children together because that relationship calculation might blow up my computer ! Right now I am getting the most bizarre results . Like this recent search for John E. Carter is Missouri on the 1930 census . I got 28 hits . Unfortunately , none of them even had Carter in their name . "}
{"url": "http://www.fourhman.com/blog/archive/2012/02/tweet-171396560398188545.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454702018134.95/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195338-00003-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "TAT CN Header . Blood , dirt , beer , and fun ... the Tall Oak Challenge mountain bike race . To recap : I was going to do a nice , gentle 50-mile road ride near home , but instead I got roped into taking part in a 6 hour mountain bike race over 2 hours away . And by \" roped into \" I mean some friends threw out an open invitation to ride with them and I jumped at it . When I left you last , I was trying to fall asleep at my aunt and uncle 's house in Columbia , MO , after a very successful preride of the course . Thanks to getting to see the trail ahead of time , I was only a little nauseous on race morning rather than full - on panic mode . Actually , I was pretty excited as I headed to Binder Park . I had no illusions of contending for any place but last , but I was pretty sure I would n't die . The guys were there ahead of me and had a nice , shady spot . Actually , pretty much the whole area was a nice , shady spot . Since there were seven of us racing ( 5 official Team Virtus members , Luke 's friend from work , and me , the self - proclaimed Team Virtus Ladies Auxiliary ) , we ended up with two 2-person teams and a 3-man team . I have to hand it to him , if he had any tears to wipe away , I did n't see it , so I appreciated his discretion . Bob and Wes . I think somebody had just suggested Bob team up with me . Either that , or the guy behind him farted . It was a good thing Adam was able to go third on his team since he showed up at the race without shoes , a helmet , gloves , or a bike . Nothing like coming off of a 24-hour adventure race and going straight into a week 's vacation to throw you off your game , I guess . Luckily , he was able to accumulate everything he needed by go time and throw down way better lap times than me , so maybe I should try his strategy next time . And under no circumstances should he be fired from the team for his multiple oversights . : D ) . Luke had volunteered to ride the first lap . Either that , or he could n't find me curled up in a fetal position under Bob 's truck and had to take off in a hurry when the start gun sounded ten minutes early . ( Sidenote : I 'm pretty sure his missing the start is what cost us the podium .... it could n't have been my slow lap time or general lack of fitness . ) The start was a ways off and uphill from where we were set up in order to spread out the racers before they hit the singletrack . I 'd be more specific , but I had already refused to go first and so did n't pay attention to information about the start . It was really cool to watch everybody fly by . I 'm new enough to bike races to still be amazed by how fast people can ride ; then again , I ca n't imagine that it 'll be any less impressive in a few years . It 's such a cool thing to get to be around and to be a part of . I enjoyed chilling out in the shade and talking teaching with Bob 's mom , but as the time passed I started getting nervous for my lap . I was n't as worried about the trail ; I mean , it 's not like I 'm all that confident on my mountain bike yet , but I 'd managed to get through the previous night 's ride without any major damage . I was more concerned about the whole passing situation . In the only other mountain bike race I 've done , I rode in the cat 3 race , which was the slowest of the categories . Of course , none of the riders was as slow as me , but that just meant that they all started out ahead of me and I did n't end up getting passed until the last third of my race . In this race , everyone started at once , so fast and slow and everything in between were out there . I did n't want to mess up anybody 's race or slow anybody down by being in their way , so I was worried about being able to get out of the way . While I was busy stressing about this and poking around getting my stuff together , Luke made it back from his lap and was waiting for me to come and take the baton . I rushed over and was chastized : \" There goes our podium ! \" ( But , remember , I already blamed it on the early start , so it ca n't be my fault . :D ) . Lap 1 : I slid the \" baton \" ( popsicle stick with our number ) in the leg of my bike shorts and I was off ! Sort of . Slowly . I have to say , the first lap was pretty amazing . Yeah , I got passed . A lot . And it turned out that it was n't that big of a deal . I 'd hear riders coming and get over if I could . I went out of my way to get out of the way . And almost everyone was awesome . Some were quiet , but most were polite , or friendly , or encouraging . My ride felt great . The creek crossing with the smooth rock on the other side ... almost got it , but had to put a foot down . And then figured I 'd stop and take a drink , so Wes passed me . That tricky uphill switchback I failed to climb Saturday night ... yeah , I could n't do it Sunday , either . During the first lap it took me by surprise and I went straight up the middle until I could n't go any more and had to put down a foot . I wo n't say it was easy , because I always felt like I was working hard , but it had a flow to it . I felt confident . I really , really enjoyed the first three - fourths of that lap . Towards the end , I was getting tired and , knowing there was only about 15 - 20 minutes of riding left from where we 'd pulled out of the woods the previous night , started hoping I was seeing new terrain ... only to be disappointed when I recognized something . :) Even so , that rocky hill that had convinced me I was done the night before was no problem ; I just took it easy and rolled on through . ( I think there was a hill somewhere in here that I had to walk part of , though ) . Finally I came out into the field , back into the woods , and saw the yellow arrows highlighting a big drop ( OK , it 's big for me ... does the fact that they mark it mean that it 's big for braver riders ? I do n't know , but this is my race report , so it was a big drop ) that was the one significant thing the guys had told me I had n't seen on our preride . It looked a little scary . I stopped to look it over and figure out where I wanted to go and watched a couple of riders go through before I went . No problem ! There was a little more time on singletrack , then we came out into a field and got to fly downhill . You know me ... I'm scared of hills , but this one was smooth and grassy and I was n't scared or braking at all . My bike was probably very confused by the lack of restriction . I turned through the trees and rode into the alley to hand off to my teammate .... who was n't there , giving me the opportunity to complain , \" There goes our podium ! \" when he ran up a few seconds later . ( See , I told you it was n't my fault we did n't place . ) This was kind of surprising since my mom is n't really into my racing at all ... I think in a lot of ways she thinks I should be staying home and taking care of my family or something like that . They found an open spot near us and hung out watching for a while . I had planned to take my camelback on this lap , but once again , when Luke got back I was n't ready , so I scrambled out with just one water bottle . I 'm still not all that steady on the trails , so drinking enough while riding is an issue for me . Even with a camelback it 's hard , but it 's darn near impossible for me to grab a water bottle on singletrack unless I 'm stopped . \" Luckily \" I had plenty of chances to drink this time around . I had eaten some stuff after my first lap and felt okay , but not great . I was definitely looking forward to getting some real food in me once I got back . The beginning of the ride was pretty good , though . I felt like this was going to be my lap . The first hitch in that plan came on the long hill ; I 'd gotten out of the way of a faster rider , lost momentum , and could n't get myself going , so I ended up walking the rest of it . After that , though , I was feeling pretty good again . Every once in a while when the trail was just right , I would catch a glimpse of Rusty through the woods and hope I could keep ahead of him . It was going really well , too . I made it through all kinds of stuff the guys had gone over with me the night before as tricky spots . I was feeling really confident , and then I rode into a dry creek crossing so easy that we had n't bothered to talk it over the night before . There 's not even much of a hill there . The scene of the crime . This is looking back at where I came from . Somewhere in that sunny spot , a tiny little stump is laughing an evil laugh . But there is a little bitty stump , and somehow I rode right into it and went over , banging my elbow and head on the rock . ( And let me just say right here , if you ride a bike and do n't wear a helmet , GET A HELMET . That 's the second time I 've hit my head HARD on the ground and have n't injured it . That fall definitely would have hurt my head without a helmet . ) Man , my elbow hurt . And there was not nearly enough blood for how badly it hurt . I got myself and my bike out of the way , got up to the side of the trail , and stood there shaking my arm and catching my breath . Rusty and Steph both asked if I was ok , and I said I was and sent them on while I was still figuring out if I was going to cry or not . ( The verdict was NOT , in case you 're interested . ) Back on the bike , my arm did n't hurt so much , but I 'd lost a big share of my mojo . It took me a little bit to get going again . Plus , my bike was being increasingly unpleasant about shifting . Sometimes I 'd downshift when I still had gears left with no response . Sometimes it would just randomly shift gears while I was riding . It was kind of an adventure because I never really knew if I was going to have the gear I needed or not . Other than that , though , everything was pretty non - remarkable . I still could n't ride the switchback ( which may have been before I fell , I ca n't remember ) , but I made it up the other hill I 'd had to walk . If it had n't been for having to walk that first hill and falling , it probably would have been my best lap . Stupid falling . I was passed by plenty of people on this lap , too , and most of them were really nice . And like I said , I made every effort to get out of faster riders ' way as soon as I could so they could get through . Often before they asked me to . So I 'm riding along , and this guy rides up behind me calling , \" Rider coming through ! ! Fast ! Fast ! \" And I 'm thinking , A - hole , if I could go any faster I would , and if I do you 're going to end up riding fast over my body across the trail . But whatever . I got over as soon as I could . Back at the start , I passed off the baton to Luke , let him know I was OK , and went to show off my elbow . Such culture shock for my mom . Here 's how that conversation went : . Bob came over , said , \" You 'd better put some ice on that , \" and handed me a beer . So here 's a little known fact : I 'm not a big fan of beer . I probably have n't had a beer since my freshman year in college . I grabbed a burger , ate some more of my aunt Nancy 's awesome homemade trail mix , and talked with my family for a while before they left . And then I hung out in the shade , talked , and wondered if I was done . I really did n't want to go back out and ride another lap , but then I thought , I did n't drive 2.5 hours to ride 2 laps ... suck it up , so when Luke got back I rode out again . And , it must be said , promptly regretted it . My bike was back to its shifting tricks , which made for a fun time . I told myself to just ride easy and try to enjoy myself . I went over onto the same side that had hit the rocks . And in my head I was thinking forget this stuff , I wonder how long it 'll take me to walk my bike 7 miles . Only I was n't thinking \" forget \" or \" stuff \" . I walked a lot more stuff in that lap . Not the scary downhill stuff , but some of the climbs ... and the little creek crossing where I 'd fallen . I also had a close encounter with a tree . I think I was losing my balance on a hill or something and grabbed the tree to steady myself but slipped ; I ended up with my right arm , my left leg , and my bike wrapped around the tree . I got some nasty bark rash , but I did n't fall ... and it led to one of the funnier facebook exchanges I 've had lately : . After escaping the lecherous clutches of the tree , I was coming up to that last big hill when two faster guys called that they were coming through . Once they passed , I was just about to start down the hill when that same guy from lap 2 yells , \" Fast rider coming through ! Contending for place ! \" or something like that and cuts me off . Totally threw me off , and I had to stop . And I guess that 's all part of racing , but that guy was the one dark mark on the whole day . I got myself together , rode the hill , and was on the last section of singletrack when the gun went off to signal the end of the six hours . I was disappointed that I was n't fast enough to give Luke the chance to decide whether or not to go out for another lap , but what do you do . I rode the rest of the way in and clocked my slowest lap of the day . I guess it was faster than sitting in a chair in the shade , though . Which , incidentally , is how I spent the rest of the afternoon . Not only did the guys let me tag along and be part of the crowd , but they also fed me . And with their wives , girlfriends , and kids around , too , it was a fun crowd . And whatever it means , it beats \" Bobby Let - Down \" . As a team , we ended up riding 6 laps , about 21 miles each . Luke 's were all considerably faster than mine were , but I guess that 's to be expected at this point . Somehow we missed the podium ( probably a scoring error ) , though if there had been a co - ed duo division we 'd have locked up third for sure . Maybe second ... some of those names could 've gone either way . And , my partner did get his turn on the podium after all ... for best moustache . Today , I 'm walking like somebody 's great - grandma . The only part of my body below my neck that does n't hurt is my chest . My elbow has swollen up considerably and developed a noticable tint of purple ( that said , it 's completely superficial and only hurts if I lean on it ) . Oh man what a day ! Here you are nailing the hills and clenching when you 're supposed to then wham ! Blood and tree hugging . What an oddysey . I 'm sure there was a scoring error . You 're definitely podium material . Great report ! So much I could say ! I always am surprised too when something really hurts and it does n't look that bad . I keep checking it out as it must look bad ! Do you just keep riding however many laps you can in the 6 hours as a team ? This sounds seriously hardcore . Love that you did n't want a medical tent but had to take a picture . A blogger for sure ! I am sure you missed the podium because they mixed up your numbers with someone else who took your spot . I apologize for costing us a podium spot by not being ready when you finished your first lap . I guess I underestimated your lap times . When am I going to learn to never underestimate you ? You flat out rocked the race ! I still ca n't believe how much you 've improved . And I had no idea you did n't want to do that third lap . You seemed completely fresh and ready to go . It would have been completely fine with me if you wanted to stop , but I 'm glad you pushed through another lap ( thus getting 1 more lap than BLD ) . Anyway , thanks for racing with me and the rest of the team . And I think it 's about time you stop considering yourself as \" not an official member \" of Team Virtus . You are everything our team stands for and more ... Plus your balls are bigger than any of ours . Kate , that is ONE sweet badge of honor , girl - congratulations , I think you have finally out - done me on the bike injuries , woohoo ! Funny about the beer ! I thought about having a post - race beer for about 4 hours going up Pikes Peak and then when I finally got down to the bottom to get my freebie beer , I did n't even take it . By then , I think the altitude / dehydration cocktail messed up my stomach . I do like a good beer , I do n't like wine much - unless you 're carrying the cooler up Mt. Whitney full of it , then I 'm all over it :) . Nice job , girl ... you had a great race and I love your spunk to venture out and just do whatever the hell looks good ! If someone plopped this race in front of me , I 'd be screaming the other way ! ! "}
{"url": "http://dg-art85.deviantart.com/art/Qwen-Tells-Trailer-118431511", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701145578.23/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193905-00107-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Classroom Management During Centers . Berger : [ 00:00:06 ] What is our rule when we 're sitting on the rug ? Could you say that again Matt ? [ 00:00:10 ] [ 00:00:10 ] We 're not going to slide under the table . Riley would you like to move up here next to Nolin , so you can see better ? [ 00:00:15 ] Moderator : [ 00:00:15 ] At Infield Elementary in Orland , Pennsylvania , former substitute Ryan Berger is midway through his first year as a kindergarten teacher . Ryan has asked instructional expert , Jim Knight , to observe a math lesson where students are moving between centers . Jim will be looking for general classroom management strategies that could help Ryan , whose time for transitions has been less than stellar . [ 00:00:36 ] Berger : [ 00:00:37 ] Boys and girls , who could raise their hand and tell me in math , what have we been studying ? What have we been looking at each day ? And you have a chance , each day , to earn this if you are behaving and doing what you 're supposed to . Who can raise their hand and tell me ? [ 00:00:53 ] [ 00:00:55 ] Ryan can you tell me what we 're earning and what we're-[00:00:57 ] Class : [ 00:00:56 ] Money . [ 00:00:57 ] Berger : [ 00:00:57 ] Money . What money are we looking at ? Elizabeth ? [ 00:01:03 ] Knight : [ 00:01:04 ] The superintendent said she 's seen one male kindergarten teacher in 22 years . How did you come to - how did that whole process go to be here , and what 's it like to be doing this ? [ 00:01:13 ] Berger : [ 00:01:14 ] Well last year I started out the year in fifth grade . One of the teachers was out on maternity leave , and I had known that one of the kindergarten teachers over here was going to be out at some point . So when I finished up fifth grade , the superintendent approached me and said , \" We might need another kindergarten because we have so many kids coming in for enrollment . What do you think ? \" I said , \" Well yeah . \" [ 00:01:38 ] Knight : [ 00:01:39 ] So what was it like to go from fifth grade with all these little kids-[00:01:42 ] Berger : [ 00:01:42 ] It was stressful . It was very stressful . My biggest thing back then , and I went right to my teammates . In fifth grade , I was able to take things like centers and write it up on the board and have directions so that they could always just go up . [ 00:01:57 ] Knight : [ 00:01:57 ] Right . [ 00:01:57 ] Berger : [ 00:01:57 ] Well you come to kindergarten , they ca n't read everything that you put up there . So that was a battle . How do I make sure they know where they 're going each time ? [ 00:02:06 ] [ 00:02:07 ] At the yellow table . The yellow table is Nathan , Jack D. , Sophia and Mara . I will bring you your center in just a second . [ 00:02:21 ] Knight : [ 00:02:24 ] Well there so many little things here I saw that worked really well . Like the sharpened pencil and the broken pencil . Cause what can happen is kids spend eternities sharpening their pencil . In fact , sometimes I think they 'll break their pencil just so they can go sharpen their pencil . [ 00:02:39 ] Berger : [ 00:02:39 ] Yeah . [ 00:02:39 ] Knight : [ 00:02:40 ] Did you make that idea up ? [ 00:02:41 ] Berger : [ 00:02:42 ] Yeah that 's something I brought down from when I taught fifth grade before . I noticed just kinda like what you were saying that the kids at the older grades were much more social , so they would go to the pencil sharpener , and I would see there would be two friends over at the pencil sharpener together . So I always said they had to have three pencils ; one to use , one to lose and one to break . [ 00:03:00 ] Knight : [ 00:03:00 ] Right . [ 00:03:00 ] Berger : [ 00:03:01 ] And then I also had the bin , so then the older kids , at the end of the day , I had somebody responsible for sharpening the pencils . [ 00:03:08 ] Knight : [ 00:03:09 ] I see . [ 00:03:09 ] Berger : [ 00:03:09 ] But with the younger kids , they ca n't quite sharpen their pencils , so it 's just up to me at the end of the day to make sure there 's enough pencils in there . [ 00:03:17 ] [ 00:03:16 ] How much is a penny worth ? Who can tell me ? [ 00:03:19 ] [ 00:03:22 ] Caitlin ? [ 00:03:22 ] Class : [ 00:03:22 ] One . [ 00:03:23 ] Berger : [ 00:03:23 ] One cent . So if you had seven pennies , how many cents do you have ? [ 00:03:27 ] Class : [ 00:03:29 ] And penny ? [ 00:03:30 ] Berger : [ 00:03:30 ] Seven cents . [ 00:03:31 ] [ 00:03:33 ] How many pennies do you need Riley ? [ 00:03:36 ] Class : [ 00:03:37 ] Five . [ 00:03:37 ] Berger : [ 00:03:38 ] Five - you need five pennies to equal what ? [ 00:03:40 ] Class : [ 00:03:41 ] A dime . [ 00:03:42 ] Berger : [ 00:03:42 ] A dime ? [ 00:03:43 ] [ 00:03:45 ] What is a dime worth ? [ 00:03:45 ] Class : [ 00:03:47 ] Ten cents . [ 00:03:47 ] Berger : [ 00:03:47 ] Ten cents . So do we have - we have one , two , three , four , five . That would be worth how much ? [ 00:03:56 ] Class : [ 00:03:57 ] Five cents . [ 00:03:58 ] Berger : [ 00:03:58 ] Five cents . What other coin is worth five cents ? [ 00:04:01 ] Class : [ 00:04:03 ] A nickel . [ 00:04:04 ] Berger : [ 00:04:04 ] The nickel . Okay ? [ 00:04:06 ] [ 00:04:13 ] All right . It looks like we are ready to move . Do not go please until we start our song . Remember , the green table , you will come up front with me . The group that is with me , you will go to the blue table . Blue table is going to the red table . Red table you 're moving over to the yellow table . And then the last , the yellow table will come up to the green . Please do n't start going until we start our song . Remember you 're going to repeat after me . Make sure your chair is pushed in . Stand up , push your chairs in . And repeat after me . Penny , penny easily spent . [ 00:04:58 ] Class : [ 00:04:58 ] Penny , penny easily spent . [ 00:05:01 ] Knight : [ 00:05:01 ] How would you sum up what you saw ? [ 00:05:03 ] Berger : [ 00:05:05 ] I think it was successful overall the lesson , the transition seemed to work pretty well . Using the lights to turn them out , I think is easy for them to see . They know when the lights go out . [ 00:05:17 ] Knight : [ 00:05:16 ] Right . [ 00:05:17 ] Berger : [ 00:05:17 ] Then just repeating . Okay when the lights go out , this is what you are supposed to do . [ 00:05:21 ] [ 00:05:23 ] And moving from one group to the next group , I think went well . And I was looking at the groups , and as a whole they were sitting down at their - at their tables and they seemed to be on task and doing what was asked of them . [ 00:05:35 ] [ 00:05:35 ] Can you take your coins out of your bank Avery ? [ 00:05:36 ] [ Class working at tables 00:05:36 - 00:06:00 ] Berger : [ 00:06:01 ] I still hear some noise . Thank you . [ 00:06:04 ] Knight : [ 00:06:05 ] Now I kept track of the time for the transitions . [ 00:06:07 ] Berger : [ 00:06:07 ] Okay . [ 00:06:07 ] Knight : [ 00:06:08 ] Do you want to hear what ? [ 00:06:09 ] Berger : [ 00:06:09 ] Yes . [ 00:06:09 ] Knight : [ 00:06:09 ] basically it was 28 minutes total , time in transitions . You add it all up-[00:06:14 ] Berger : [ 00:06:14 ] It 's a lot of time . [ 00:06:15 ] Knight : [ 00:06:15 ] Twenty - eight minutes , but on the other hand it 's seven transitions . I timed it from when you flicked the light until when you sat down with the kids and said okay pull at your legs . [ 00:06:25 ] Berger : [ 00:06:25 ] That 's the next sentence . Okay . [ 00:06:26 ] Knight : [ 00:06:27 ] So in that time , there 's some good learning going on . It 's not just transitions because you have them recite their - their song and that sometimes will take a minute or so . [ 00:06:37 ] Berger : [ 00:06:38 ] All right , remember before we move , we 're gon na say our song one more time . I will say it and then you repeat . The next time I wanna see if you guys can do it with me . Quarter , quarter big and bold . [ 00:06:51 ] Class : [ 00:06:52 ] Quarter , quarter big and bold . [ 00:06:54 ] Berger : [ 00:06:55 ] You 're worth 25 I am told . [ 00:06:57 ] Class : [ 00:06:58 ] Your 25 I am told [ 00:07:00 ] Berger : [ 00:07:01 ] Excellent . I 'm looking to see who 's quietly moving to the next center . Remember you still can earn money during centers . So I 'm looking to see who 's doing the right thing . Let 's switch to the next center . [ 00:07:15 ] [ 00:07:19 ] I would like you to count all your pennies . And if you know how many pennies - if you know how many pennies you need to turn in , you can let me know . [ 00:07:32 ] [ 00:07:38 ] I 'm always interested when I so centers to see what are the other kids doing at the other centers . [ 00:07:42 ] Knight : [ 00:07:41 ] right . Right . [ 00:07:42 ] Berger : [ 00:07:42 ] I 'm not there to monitor them to see are my directions clear . Were they clear enough for 'em ? And then are they on task with what they were doing ? [ 00:07:51 ] Knight : [ 00:07:53 ] If it 's a new activity , maybe you have five centers , and you do n't leave one . So you can make sure they 're good on the activity . [ 00:08:00 ] Berger : [ 00:08:01 ] And just kind of monitor them , all of 'em . Then I want you to see if you 've got any pennies , nickels or dimes , and if you have a penny , put it here . If you have a nickel - if you have five pennies , put it here . If you have ten , put it here and I want you to do that , and then I want you to think about how you 're gonna - you know spend your money on Friday . \" So they 've got it right - they've got something to do . It 's gon na take them just a minute or two while you can go check in with the other groups . [ 00:08:32 ] Berger : [ 00:08:33 ] One thing you can do is raise your hand . What else ? Quietly write and where are our hands ? On the side of your laps . [ 00:08:40 ] [ 00:08:40 ] Kailey ? And how do I know you 're listening ? [ 00:08:46 ] Knight : [ 00:08:47 ] Just as I was watching the kids today , I was thinking about one of my favorite ideas is just the idea of using stories . So when you 're talking about the coin song , you know you might make a story up that captures all the key things . Then you go to the song , and you say here 's how it is . [ 00:09:01 ] [ 00:09:02 ] So there 's a thing you can do . You just draw a line like this . This is when you were born , and this is today . Then up here you put all the people you know . Down here you put all the events in your life . Think of all these different stories , and I just fill the page with all the possible stories . Then I take that page , and I put it somewhere . Then could be in a notebook or something , and you probably want even bigger than this piece of paper . Like a construction paper , but - and then every day before I 'm gon na teach my class , I look at the page . I look at all the stories , and I think well maybe I could do that one about the time I got locked in the car . Or whatever , and you - or the time we went skating and my sister fell down . [ 00:09:45 ] Berger : [ 00:09:46 ] When I taught third grade , we were doing - in science we were talking about watering and how water flows and if it 's going downhill or affecting 09:55 . I had told a story about going camping with my family when I was their age , and how we did n't know what we were doing . We camped at the bottom of the hill , and the water came right through - right through our tent . And they thought - they thought that was funny . I said , \" That 's not even the best part . \" [ 00:10:19 ] Berger : [ 00:10:19 ] They were in fifth grade last year when I was in fifth grade , and they still remembered that little story . So do you remember when you got wet from camping ? I said , yeah . But then-[00:10:28 ] Knight : [ 00:10:28 ] And they 'll remember that 20 years from now . They 'll say , \" Oh I remember that camping story . \" [ 00:10:32 ] Berger : [ 00:10:32 ] And I never thought of doing and putting down , but I do like that idea you know then seeing , okay what am I teaching today . Do I have anything here that will relate ? [ 00:10:40 ] [ 00:10:41 ] Green table and red table , you need to please put your worksheets in your mailboxes . [ 00:10:48 ] [ 00:10:50 ] People at the yellow table , if you could please start collecting all of the letters . [ 00:10:56 ] [ 00:10:58 ] Green table , Audrey and Nolan , could you help the yellow table start to clean up ? [ 00:11:03 ] [ 00:11:07 ] If you guys can put all these coins back into the tins ? [ 00:11:10 ] [ 00:11:12 ] Ryan , could you help take all these pieces of paper off the table by taking the tape off of them ? [ 00:11:19 ] [ 00:11:23 ] Thank you Vera . [ 00:11:23 ] Knight : [ 00:11:24 ] You probably do n't know everything you need them to do to clean up , but if you watch them you can say , oh if they did n't do this . Like for example , one person picks it up if it 's on the floor . [ 00:11:34 ] Berger : [ 00:11:35 ] Actually I never thought of sitting back and kinda watching them clean up . [ 00:11:39 ] Knight : [ 00:11:39 ] Right . [ 00:11:39 ] Berger : [ 00:11:40 ] I 've always been trying to help out where I can , but maybe just stop doing that and seeing-[00:11:46 ] Knight : [ 00:11:46 ] How are they with wastepaper ? [ 00:11:46 ] Berger : [ 00:11:47 ] Yeah what are they doing then , and then instead of me going to help them clean up , put all the ownership on them . [ 00:11:53 ] Knight : [ 00:11:53 ] Right . [ 00:11:53 ] Berger : [ 00:11:53 ] And let them go and do it . [ 00:11:54 ] Knight : [ 00:11:55 ] Then when you teach it , just - just the way you taught the centers , but you 're just really , really clear . This is how we do it . Let me show you . This is not what we do . This is how we work together . You know even model it for them . Make a big mess on your table and clean up the mess and show them how quick it can be done and all that stuff . If you give them a non - example and an example and they kind of nail it . [ 00:12:15 ] Berger : [ 00:12:15 ] They would go home and tell their parents , \" Mr. Berger was cleaning up and making a mess . [ 00:12:18 ] Knight : [ 00:12:18 ] Right . [ Laugh ] [ 00:12:18 ] Berger : [ 00:12:19 ] Might not be a good thing that they go home and tell their parents that I was dumping things on the ground and-[00:12:22 ] Knight : [ 00:12:23 ] Right . [ 00:12:23 ] Berger : [ 00:12:23 ] But I think that would then stick with them . [ 00:12:25 ] [ 00:12:26 ] What I want you to do once you have finished the top is fill in - color in with any color you want one of these faces to tell me how you think you behaved today during centers . If you think you did a great job , I want you to give yourself a smiley face . If you think you did okay , but you could have done better , use the straight line face . And if you know you could have behaved a whole lot better , and you were n't doing what you were supposed to-[00:12:56 ] Knight : [ 00:12:56 ] It was just a great , great day . It was so much fun to watch you with your kids . I think it 's awesome you 're doing what you 're doing . We you know your - kindergarten is such an important part of every child 's career . I mean it sets the stage for what they do to have you committed to it , and doing it wonderful , and they see you as a role model . I love watching your kids , and I loved their conversation . I 'm just grateful that you let us in , and grateful that we got to have this talk . [ 00:13:21 ] Berger : [ 00:13:21 ] Well thank you for coming in . I appreciate all the help and you know ideas that you gave to me . It 's been a great day . [ 00:13:26 ] Knight : [ 00:13:27 ] Well I learn from you , so it worked out great . [ 00:13:29 ] Berger : [ 00:13:30 ] Thank you . [ 00:13:30 ] Knight : [ 00:13:31 ] All right , hey thanks . [ 00:13:30 ] [ Video ends 13:53 ] "}
{"url": "http://www.egms.de/static/en/meetings/dgnc2012/12dgnc110.shtml", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701160950.71/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193920-00312-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Food & Drink . Recreation . Shopping . Other . New video shows the sad state of bike lanes in Toronto . Toronto is about to install a series of downtown bike lanes on streets like Adelaide and Richmond , which is great news for commuting cyclists . That said , cycling infrastructure is only safe and useful when it actually protects riders from vehicular traffic . Is n't that the whole point ? Alas , not everyone thinks so , as this new video humorously shows off . It 's an anecdotal take on the state of bike lanes in the city , to be sure , but most Toronto cyclists will find the various scenes of cars , buses , and other obstacles parked in the bike lane all too familiar . Good transportation designers know that absolute physical separation is required in a dense , urban setting if a bike lane is to be used safely as such . Closely spaced bollards , high curbs , trees , walls , parked cars -- anything will do . The key to building a separated bike lane is the \" separation \" part . adelaide and richmond are a major opportunity for the city . since lanes are already taken up by construction , it makes sense to put bike lanes curbside , physically seperated by some type of barrier ( generously spaced bollards or even parked cars ) . I disagree - separating each mode of transport only encourages problems and exacerbates issues like the above video . A shared space / street or woonerf or means that everyone has to be more aware of each other , and play with give + take . Or is this just a one - sided narrative ? @RC Go make your own video and knock yourself out . But your deflection is irrelevant ; there are bad cyclists just like there are bad drivers . There is a mentality in this city that people figure they can park wherever , whenever they want as long as they 're \" only a minute \" . It is selfish , lazy and endangers people . We get so many self made \" exceptions \" that bike lanes are rendered useless . Stand on any street coroner and watch every other car break the law . Yet there is not call to remove these offenders from he roads , or ban all cars until they all learn the rules of the road . Talk about hypocrisy . Yeah , bike lanes are blocked with stuff . But the horrible condition of the pavement downtown is a more significant problem for people who actually ride all the time . Ridden across Adelaide lately ? Physically separated bike lanes are theoretically part of the incentive package that would lure new people onto bikes , we get that . But the potholes , broken pavement , glass , sand , gravel , and construction debris on the road is discouraging to existing cyclists . The current conditions are deplorable . Yeah , I 've noticed that , it 's irritating . But it does tend to sort itself out once everyone is rolling . We 're a \" me first \" society and as shitty as that seems , I 've learned to deal with that . Sometimes I 'm the slow guy , sometimes I 'm the fast guy . \" As a cyclist it always peeves me off when other cyclists sit way out in the right hand land blocking cars that could be going from making a right hand turn . \" Having been on the receiving end of many right - hooks because drivers refuse to actually follow rules of right - of - way , when I 'm first to the stop line I will take the lane . Drivers would have to wait behind a car or a motorbike , so they can wait behind my vehicle just as well . Yes , we SHARE . SHARING also means NOT endangering me through reckless disregard of the law . Drivers have NO RIGHT AT ALL to put me in danger and I refuse to give them the opportunity . If you had actually read my comment for content , you 'll see I take the lane when I 'm at the light first and right of way is mine . The fact that I have to take the lane so some asshole in a car does n't violate the law and put me in danger is not a reflection on me . If cars are turning right from a road where there is a bike lane , they are NOT ALLOWED to turn across the bike lane , they are REQUIRED to merge into it . If that means merging and waiting behind bikes , tough shit . You 're not allowed to turn right from an inner lane . Bike messenger making a delivery and stopping in a lane of traffic to park their bike blocking a lane while they take a few minutes to drop off their package . Betting bike would get run over in spite , many many times . Yes but your the same clown that wo n't wait behind a car when the car is the first one at a light . Instead of waiting behine the car you go out of your way to go right around the car to stop right infront of it , when the car is already at the Stop line . Actually , I agree with you in some settings . Woonerfs are terrific , as are their Complete Street descendants . I am a huge fan and all for this in residential areas , low - speed commercial zones , park roads and other contexts . You are correct that the North American fixation on grade and use separation led to many problems of lost capacity and territorial / aggressive attitudes . However , we have to deal with the reality of the situation , and along busier arterial streets with higher speeds , such as Richmond or even Sherbourne or Wellesley , separation of uses is the sandbox we are playing in . Pedestrians are expected to stay on sidewalks , cars are expected to stay in lanes , and bikes , if they want a place , will need their own mostly - impervious piece of the public way . Woonerfs will and should be used in Toronto eventually , maybe in the West Don Lands or Queens Quay , but will not be the solution to the above video . In almost total agreement . Not enough people using the roads ( motorists and cyclists ) understand the idea of a queue ; especially when it comes to right hand turn lanes . At the same time , if there is a car in the lane waiting to make a right turn , a cyclist should n't try to slide in between the car and the curb and instead , wait behind the car , which is in the bike lane . As a motorist and cyclist , I 've experienced both . I have had cars brush past me on my motorcycle , let alone bike , while in the right lane because they are so fixated on that right turn . And do n't get me started on trying to cross a light with a \" walk \" sign when some motorist with a red sees a gap in traffic and thinks \" oh good , I can power through this turn without stopping \" . Yes we \" SHARE \" the road in the same way that sharks and swimmers share the ocean to paraphrase RoFo . And like someone swimming in shark infested waters I assume everything else on the road is trying to kill me and thus do whatever is necessary to make sure I arrive home in one piece . If that means making you wait an extra minute to make your right turn so be it . I ride my bike - no longer have a car - and use streets with bike lanes and without bike lanes . I come across the same scenes portrayed in this video clip . The first part of the video at Sherbourne and Bloor is not anyone 's fault ... the cyclist can see that buses have taken up the turning lane ( it is a subway stop ) and thus the cars have no other option to use the cycling lane . I encounter this all the time ( it 's a nuisance ) but I work my way around the other side of this line of cars and continue on Sherbourne . The cyclist appears to be making the same right turn as the cars . My advice to him / her ( as an avid cyclist ) - wait in line with the rest of the confusion . No need to be an asshole on two wheels ( and there are plenty of them out there ) . In a perfect world ... those vans ( moving vans ) would have a dedicated unloading areas but some apartments do not . Should they park in the vehicular lane and totally screw up the street ? Sometimes there are legitimate reasons a container truck has been left on a road in a high service area a service truck has momentarily stopped - not to piss off cyclists . This uber entitled cyclist who put this video together needs to work with the rest of society : expect the unexpected , work around the situation and stop feeling so fucking entitled . Majority of the bad cyclists out there have never even driven a car or driven a car downtown . Not knowing the rules and being able to predict what a vehicle 20 feet ahead of you could potenitially do is their downfall . Instead they are staring at their front tire and one foot ahead . YES and if that means waiting behind a car that was there first then so be it , that is the safe spot for you to be NOT going around the car or squeezing beside it . Cyclist do this to each other all the time and I have no problem pushing you into traffic if you ca n't wait your turn . If I 'm first inline on my bike , wait behind me if you come up beside me I go forward and push to the left pushing you out and behind me .... . I 'm not part of the problem . You want a dedicated lane that means riding SINGLE FILE , not passing each other not grouping everyone together at the light . Get used to it , cars seem to get along this way why ca n't cyclists ? Yes I 'm willing to push unsafe riders that group together at a light into traffic for my own safety . Ride single file and this wo n't happen . How safe is it to have 4 bikes all staring together at a light racing across the intersection to the be in first position not knowing the abilities of the other riders all the while cars are passing at the same time . I raced BMX and Mountain bikes for many years and can beat anyone out of the start gate no matter what bike I 'm on . HA HA I love seeing three bikers all with the same ability pushing for first position . They take up a whole lane from Bathurst to Spadina before one of them can get in the lead . Yet they wonder why cars are right on their tail .... . Majority of the bad drivers out there have never even driven a bike or driven a bike downtown . Not knowing the rules and being able to predict what a vehicle 20 feet ahead of you could potenitially do is their downfall . Instead they are staring at their dashboard and one foot ahead . Just the other day , I was riding in the contraflow lane on Shaw , and found a car parked in the lane in front of me , when there were abundant unused parking spaces across the street . I 've also seen people pull into bike lanes to make phone calls , right next to a driveway that they could have used instead ( or even a surface parking lot ) . I just enjoyed two police officers parking their car in the bike lane at Wellesley and Church . While walking into the Pizza Pizza there , I pointed out they were parked in the bike lane . They just shrugged and said , \" Yeah , so what ? \" Agree . It sucks when the bike lanes are blocked . But taking it as a special affront \" because bicycle \" is a little much . And hell , there may be a legitimate reason for parking in a bike lane . I have a mobility - challenged friend who lives on Queens Quay , with a bike lane right out front at the most convenient entrance -- and I 've been chewed out by able - bodied spandex velonazis for forcing them to leave their lane when I 'm there to pick him up . I do n't blame them -- they do n't understand the context . Exactly this . The guy is complaining about a pedestrian at one point crossing through the bike lane to cross the street . Bike lanes are not a waste of time just because sometimes someone pulls over into one or briefly uses one . I do n't drive I bike . It drives me nuts when cyclist expect motorists to be patient but at the same time do n't have the patience to pass a parked vehicle on the left like everyone else . slow down its not the end of the world . its a bike lane not a bike freeway . What the hell are you talking about JAX ? You know nothing about me . I 've done plenty of extreme sports , including racing motorcycles . Wanna bet I 've gone faster on two - wheels than you have ? Heck , when I was younger and stupider I used to commute by bicycle in NYC ( you ever seen Premium Rush ? I lived it ! ) Any of them can turn a fun ride into a nightmare in a split second . ( After my wife was seriously injured in a car crash , the investigating officer told me that if you really want to get away with killing someone then run them over with your car . Worked for Michael Bryant did n't it ? ) If you think it 's all fun and games out there good for you , but do n't judge others because they just want to get home in one piece . If I want to have fun on my bike I ride on empty country roads or single - track , but that 's just me . If they build separated bike lanes here its mainly for the novices that are fearful , you 'll then have people riding in the separated lanes and then the hotshots that will refuse to ride single file along with the rest in the separated lanes .... . Some ownership needs to be on the cyclist as well . You have to admit you see foolish amateurs out there every day doing risky bike moves like they own the road . The amount of times I see other cyclists squeezing into a tight spot between a car and a truck is incredible . If you see a risk up ahead then hold back until the risk clears , do n't force your way through it then scream about it later . Did it work for Michael Bryant or Darcy Allan Sheppard ? Darcy was the one chasing down a car and hanging onto the side of it . Right or wrong you have to understand a car can be a killing machine whether the driver is a smart driver or not . Are you going to enter a fight ? against a car or a grizzly bear knowing there s a slim chance your going to win . OR if your so concerned with your own safety are you going to back away and let the killing machine move on ? Have you ever thought that maybe the city is n't really conducive to retro - fitting bike lanes ? I mean , how are trucks going to make deliveries or how are cars supposed to make right turns ? The problem is that the city planners THINK they can make cyclists happy ( which is near impossible . ) I agree with this video 100 % but if total separation is n't possible then wet need some serious fines put in place for anyone caught in the bike lanes . If people who have cars are upset about having less space on the road or being inconvenienced by then it 's their own stupid fault for driving a car downtown . Park at a subway station and take that . Be careful what you wish for . The right turn \" sharrows \" is a shared lane with clearly defined rules in the traffic act . Regrettably the professional drivers , the police , and most cyclists have no understanding of the rules . Asking for fines , single file , segregation , or aggressive policing is not what I want in Toronto . Next we 'll have police hiding behind stop signs writing tickets for McCarthyism . I 'm all for bike lanes , but against dedicated bike lanes . I bike every day and my average clip is 20 km / hr , but I get up to 45 in some places . If the lanes were dedicated it would take twice as long for me to get anywhere . Some cyclists are reaaaallly slow . The biggest problem , in my experience , is n't the bike lane , but as Ray seem to suggest , where the bike lane meets an intersection and a car is making a right turn . It 's easy to shoulder check and deke out of the bike lane . It 's less easy to negotiate with a moving car that wants to turn right but is n't sure where it is supposed to be and how to deal with cyclists . That 's because most cyclists seem to be unsure or wrong . Both are generally at fault . The driver should pull into the bike lane there ( the line is generally dashed ) and bikes should go around the left of the car turning right . That 's in the City 's guidelines . Nobody seems to know this though . Drivers stay too far out for cyclists to go around to the left , the car behind leaves little to no room , and cyclists whiz by on the right , thinking that 's what they are supposed to be doing . It 's dangerous and holds up traffic . LakesOne of my friends and I select . I set angler companies to with gusto . It was as long as it is other wise known . For any angler trying to do something a little different , this iss the hot colours that the Berkley ProBait wares . You need to have some relief from the sun and wind . No that 's why deaf people have challenges hearing the audio senses but often have other their other senses heightened , but for them its a 24/7 thing they deal with all day . Just unplug the earbuds if your concerned about your safety cycling on the roads . If you cut off one of your senses , you are contributing to the lack of safety . Cyclists would be a lot safer if they started following the rules of the road ( ont . Highway traffic act applies to bikes too ) . I 'll post my dashcam of cyclists blowing through stop signs , riding the wrong way on one way streets , passing streetcars as passengers exit , trying to squeeze past vehicles turning right , ignoring red lights , not signalling turns , etc . etc . . As a 50 + years - of - experience driver ( 10 years professional ) I LOVE BIKE LANES ! Everyone needs to understand the rules of the road though . Some vehicles must encroach ( police & emergency , handicapped & Wheel Trans ) Broken lines may be crossed , vehicles turning right must cross any bike lane . If a cyclist stays 20 centimetres on their side of the line and I stay 20 centimetres away on mine , we can not colide . If I 'm turning pass on my left - I can see you clearly when you move ( correctly ) into the second lane out . Learn what I will do ; I learn what you will do . Together we will make the streets safer . AND FOR HEAVEN 'S SAKE PUT A BRIGHT WHITE L.E.D . LIGHT ON THE FRONT OF YOUR BIKE OR GEAR . WITHOUT IT , YOU ARE COMPLETELY INVISIBLE TO ME AND I CAN'T TAKE ANY ACTION TO AVOID YOU . Get Connected . Links & Resources . Our directory of useful links and resources . "}
{"url": "http://www.beanpanda.com/7781", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701167113.3/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193927-00126-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Simply Fabulous Free and Under L$75 Finds in Second Life - Since 2007 . Tag Archives : KittyCatS . Can you ever have too many books ... or cats ... or fabulous clothes ? No . The answer is a resounding no . And when you can get even more fabulous clothes at an equally fabulous price ... well that makes it all the better . The Precious Designs Cart at the Wash Cart Sale does n't have the books or the cats ... but they do have fabulous clothes and that fabulous 10L price ! I 'm wearing the \" It started with Hello \" jumper and matching shoes as I try to do a little early spring cleaning . Both the jumper and the heels for SLink High Feet come with a HUD for five matching stripy colors . I love the little zipper details on the shoes . It really sets them apart from plain pumps . If you recall , in my last post I showed you the latest Group Gift from no.match and I mentioned it had a ' lower ' attachment for a longer style . This is \" no.worries \" with that lower hair attachment full of loose smexy waves . Both of the pieces for this style are resizable with the HUD ( which also has ALL the colors ) and adjustable for a perfect fit . The Cart sale at the Wash is rushing to last few days so do n't miss out on the great bargains and free gifts lots of designers have set out for us . You 've got until January 6th to get your shoppin ' on . Julianna is wearing - . Hair - no.match - no worries - ( Free/0L / January Group Gift group is 50L to join ) . Sweater + Shoes - Precious Designs - It Started with Hello - ( 10L @ the Wash Cart Sale ) . While the holiday season is quickly coming to an end , there are still gifts out there for you to go and grab , that are not themed to a specific holiday , so you can still get away with wearing them . Another thing that will be coming to an end , but maybe not as quickly , is the Wash Cart Sale . My outfit today is a fine example of a holiday gift you can still grab , and a great staple every gal needs in her wardrobe , from the Cart Sale . First off , is my sweet , cozy sweater . It is a free for everyone gift from Neve , which used to be coldLogic . This mesh sweater comes in all the standard sizes , as well as sizes for Physique , Isis , and Lara bodies . You also get a hud that has a few different options on it . The main part of the sweater comes in 4 colours , I 've added a picture below to show you them , as well , you can choose the colour of the under shirt that is peeking out from the waist , and at the sleeves . Or , if you 'd like , you can turn the undershirt off completely . So many options ! I 'm really not sure how long this gift will stick around , so if I were you , I would not wait to go grab it . Just buy it for L$0 and you are set ! Now , the item I mentioned , that should be a staple in every gals ( and even some guys ) wardrobes , a great pair of neutral toned skinnies ! My lovely grey skinny pants are courtesy of the Off Your Rocker Cart at the Wash Cart Sale . Of course , these mesh pants comes in the standard sizes , and for only L$10 ... what a steal . The texturing is superb , with little wrinkly details , and the cutest little zippers at the ankles . I am going to get a lot of wear out of these babies , that 's for sure . If you also are in the market for a black pair , they have them too ! You only have until Jan 6th , so if you are one of the few who has not already made it to the Cart Sale ... what are you waiting for ? LOL . Alrighty , as if you could n't tell from my pictures , while I was working on this post , my cats and I were being a bit lazy , and honestly ... I'm going to just go back to being lazy with them . There really is noting better than not having to do anything , with a purring cat beside you , who is also enjoying that you are doing nothing . Until next time , TTFN ! Sweater - Neve gift - easy fairIsle ( free / L$0 ) Pants - . OYR . I love this time of year but after all the snow and reindeer and Santa red ... I needed some Summer . And is n't that one of the niftiest things about Second Life ... Summer , or Spring or Fall when ever you want it . I found my \" Off \" day outfit at the Wash Cart Sale at JK Style 's cart . This is the \" Janet \" outfit . Not only do you get the sweater and the jeans AND the boots for the 10L price tag . But you also get a HUD to change the color of the sweater to one of five colors . That 's a pretty sweet deal . The outfit comes with alphas for the boots and the top and the sweater comes in the standard Mesh sizes XS - L. Even as I 'm complaining about the Holiday rush , I 'm taking advantage of the fantastic Christmas Advent at KittyCats . These are the \" Frost \" Hoop earring from Swear , Lapoint & Bastchild . Long name ... great earrings . These large hoops come with a HUD to change the metal , the bead and the charm . All told that 's six metals , five beads and four charms . My equine companion for my escape comes from Come Soon Poses . This is Gacha machine # 4 located just outside the shop and it 's a tiny 25L to play . \" Best Friends \" comes with the horse and pose and a huge fully build complete scene . Tomorrow , I 'll get back to Christmas .... . Outfit - JK Style - Janet Outfit - ( 10L as part of the Wash Cart Sale ) . Hello Fabulouses ! ! I got ta say ... Snow sledding was a lot less painful when I was 8 ! It is my personal recommendation that if you are over 30 , you do not try this ( I swear I felt every bump on the way down ) ... but if you are brave , this fun Sled Riding pose is a 1L dollarbie in the . : : NaniKa : : . marketplace store . Next time , I 'm bringing a pillow ! Make sure you are doing your daily visits to the free KittycatS Advent Calendar too ! There are a ton of great designers participating , like Somnia who has gifted the Flurry Sweater you see me wearing . The Flurry Special includes a texture change hud too , so it 's a whole handful of sweaters in one ! I forget which day it was in ... but you can go back and grab previous days , so just open them all :) . You 'll be glad you did . Ok , funny story . Here I was , doing a little decorating at my home to take pictures for this post , putting out some Christmasy stuff , when I decided that I did n't like one of the items I had put out . So , I selected it and deleted it . Oops ! It was actually my home that I had selected , and suddenly poof , no more church ! So now my post has turned into a Christmasy ' waiting ' post . LOL . The choices of poses in the Red Poinsettia Ottoman , both for females , and males , are all really great , and I love the simplicity of the Holiday Ornament Wreath . You have until Jan 6th to visit the Park Place booth , for these , and other lovely decor items , as well as some pretty , mesh , crop sweaters . Speaking of sweaters ... I love the idea of the ' Ugly Christmas Sweater ' party , and that was what I was actually decorating for in the first place . Well , maybe not a party , as it would have only been me and my cats , but ... any excuse to wear an ugly Christmas sweater is ok in my books . I got the perfect one for me , it says ' I want to believe Santa is out there ' , which all you fellow sci - fi / alien nerds know , is a riff on X - Files and the \" I Want to Believe \" UFO poster that Mulder has . For only L$55 a play , choose the machine you want to play , male , female or TD Kids and Baby . and then you will get 1 mesh sweater , that comes in all of the standard sizes . Even though I forgot to grab a shot of the ad showing every one available , believe me , they are all cute . In fact ... they really are n't ugly at all . OK , before I say goodnight , my kitty , Cinder , reminded me that I never did officially introduce her . Cinder is my newest furbaby , and she is the 5th Anniversary Firestorm KittyCat , The FireFlurry . Like past firestorm kittys , you do not need food for them to survive . While the Firestorm anniversary was a little while ago , you can still get your own FireFlurry at the KittyCatS mainstore , for free , 1 per av . OK , now that I 've appeased Cinder 's vanity , I better go see if my Mom has forgotten about my current homeless situation , and give her a call . I hope you all have a wonderful evening , and do n't forget to lock your houses in place ! LOL . Until next time , TTFN :) . Decor . Hi there Fabulous Readers ! I 'm just out doing some holiday shopping ... Well I am trying . As you can see , my shopping buddy , which I have appropriately named \" Crasher \" , is a little unco - ordinated . He 's lucky he 's cute . He was free too actually , and if you 'd like a decorative \" Crasher \" of your own , you can pick it up as a free advent gift at the Kittycats Advent Calendar , sponsored by MeadowWorks . I think it was day 4 ? I could be mistaken . but he is in there ! My easy peasy , one piece mesh shopping outfit today that includes the vest , blouse , leggings and skirt is a free group gift at Legendaire called Underneath Your Clothes . There is a 150L join fee for this group , but the gifts are plentiful ! Hi there Fabulous readers ! I must be on a red and white kick ... Either that or the designers offering gifts are lol . Tis the season :) I have some festive goodies to show you today , like the Damselfly Kirby hairstyle that you can pick up as a free Advent gift ( Day 3 ) at the Kittycats Advent Calendar . This is available for men and women , comes in a full fatpack of shades and also includes a texture change hud that allows for several different holiday printed beanies ! My Fringe Boots in Red and my animated cup ( comes in naughty and nice - you decide ) are free group gifts from Bueno , which has a free to join group ! I actually love these boots so much that I have purchased them previously in other colours , so it was a real treat to me to be able to have the Christmas version for free ! Need the socks too ? These Lydia socks are on sale for just 37L per pair for a limited time only at Fri.day for The Mix . I have worn these before as well in different colours after picking them up as a new release , but picked up more with the sale ! ! I love these in boots and heels ! I hate that I left news of this adorable pup for last . This is definitely one of those last but not least instances , because check out this little French Bulldog by O.M.E.N. You can pick up your overy own handsome little guy at The Arcade Gacha event as a free gift under the Christmas Tree . With eyes like that , how can you pass him up ? I just want to pick him up . It 's a sweet memorial to those lost and healing from the Paris attacks . Hello lovelies ! I 'm back to show off the cutest set of PJ 's ever ! And if showing off jammies has allowed me to do some jumping on my bed for posing ... what of it ;) ! Any excuse , right ? LOL . My adorable , onesie striped PJ 's are from the Plowwies cart @ The Wash Cart Sale . Here 's the Direct TP . The mesh , Willy foo foo set in dark blue , has a few different options for you , and is unisex . You can wear this plain , with no added extra parts , or go all out , and add in the slippers , hand paws , head and tail . Seriously , how cute is this ? In the interest of showing you everything , I took a few different shots so you can see all the different pieces . It really was n't so I could keep jumping on my bed , honest . As with all Cart Sale items , this is only L$10 , and worth every penny . Oh , the eyes on both the head and slippers blink . How much fun is that ! ! Here 's a shot of the Plowwies cart , so you can see all the other fun things they have available . If you have n't headed to the Wash already , you better get going , you only have until September 16th . Well , I am finding myself a little tired from all the bed jumping , so , I think I will take advantage of being on my bed , and in jammies , to have a nap ! Before I leave , in case you are wondering , yes , Scorch did sleep through all of my jumping . Cats ! LOL . OK , until next time , TTFN :) . ( L$25 on Marketplace ) . Cat - Scorch - last years Firestorm Birthday KittyCatS gift . See how big he 's gotten since last year . ( no longer available ) Snowglobe - oyasumi / low poly snowglobe / the woods Building - Scarlet Creative Neva Chapel Taller Avatar Size . Hello , my dears ! I hope all is well on this quiet Sunday afternoon in your RL and your SL . I have some nifty things to show you today from Entice that I think you 'll really like . And you can get them both for free if you 're really ' lucky ' . First is the short and sexy \" Beautiful Liar \" cocktail dress . I love this ! The color , the cut the whole look is just right . And you ca n't beat the price . Beautiful Liar is on the Lucky Boards at Entice 's main store . Not only did I get this lovely dress but I was also lucky enough to get ' Be My Baby ' , a super cute set of lounge - y pajama separates . Just perfect for relaxing at home with a certain fuzzy guy . Both Beautiful Liar and Be My Baby are on the Lucky boards along with four other just - as - cute outfits . Run over and get yours and while you 're there be sure to give JiJi the Roomba kitty a pat on the head as he glides by . Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays ! I am currently sitting at home , taking a break before having to head over to my Mom 's for supper . We are having Mexican ..... you thought I was going to say turkey , did n't you :P We are actually having the big Christmas dinner tomorrow night , but tonight is Mexican food , and the Doctor Who Christmas special . So excited ! But ..... I thought I would stop in and show you a few gifts that were released as of Christmas Eve . First , and most exciting , for me at least , is the introduction of the newest Fairey Kitty family member , Pirilti . The name means Twinkle in Turkish . This gorgeous girl is the day 24 , final gift , from the KittyCatS Advent Calendar . I 'm sure , those of you familiar with the KittyCatS Advent from years past , already knew a special kitty was coming , and had to be as excited as I was to see what they would look like . Brilliant dark blue with white snowflakes , and a matching collar , she is so pretty :) This kitty , unlike the Firestorm ones I 've shown before , is not a perma pet , and will need food , so keep that in mind . As with all the KittyCatS Advent gifts , the cat is free for everyone , however , I am sure the calendar will not remain around for much longer after the holidays , so make sure you visit the store before it 's gone . A very welcome surprise yesterday , was a free gift for Curio group members ( Gala & Rita Design Announcements is the group name ) , in the form of a beautiful new skin called Angelica . The group is free to join , and the gift is stored in notices . Once you open the gift , you will get this beautiful skin with golden eyeshadow , and deep red , shiny lips , in 6 skin tones , with 4 different brow colours each . Gala Phoenix has long been one of my favourite skin designers in SL , with her skins being my first purchase in SL , ever . I even still have those oldies , so I am always excited to see new faces from her . Notices are only around for 2 weeks , so do not delay grabbing this generous gift . Lastly , I wanted to point out my new sparklies , which , if you are anything like me , I am sure you were eyeing up . The lovely necklace and matching earrings set I have on is the free , group Christmas Eve gift from Maxi Gossamer . You get both a long and short version of the necklace , I am wearing the short , as well as all pieces in both silver and gold . The center stones are colour change through a pop - up window . The group is free to join , all you need to do is have your tag on when you touch the ad board . I am not sure how long this particular gift will be available , so as with the other gifties I 've shown , do n't wait to go grab this . Alrighty :) That is all from me for now , on this wonderful Christmas day . I hope you all have had a day as lovely as mine . Kitten - KittyCats - Pirilti ( free for day 24 from the KittyCatS Advent Calendar ) Skin - Curio - : GP : Sunburst - Angelica - Happy Holidays ! Background Decorations . Bench - PILOT - Country Bench [ Pink ] Christmas Tree - khargo cute christmas tree ( L$25 per play gacha prize ) Letter Wall Hangings - [ free bird ] Framed Alphabet Wall Art - Letter 's C , F and ! ( past group gacha prizes , no longer available ) Fairies Sign - Do n't Piss off the Fairies ( store closed , I believe ) . Categories . Flickr Photos . Blog Stats . Archives . \u00a9 Fabulously Free in SL , 2007 - 2015 . Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from the author and owner is strictly prohibited . Excerpts and links may be used , provided that full and clear credit is given to the FabFree author and Fabulously Free in SL with appropriate and specific direction to the original content . Disclaimer . Second Life \u00ae and Linden Lab \u00ae are trademarks or registered trademarks of Linden Research , Inc. All rights reserved . No infringement is intended . "}
{"url": "http://bluemassgroup.com/2013/02/weekly-joke-revue-republicans-apologize-to-top-1-5-percent/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701166650.78/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193926-00249-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Category Archives : Genealogy Hoarding . So here we go , I 'm starting to actually get serious about this genealogy thing . I recently purchased a copy of Elyse Doerflinger 's ebook , Organizing the Paper Monster Once and For All . Since I 'm the queen of oversharing , I decided why not chronicle my attempts on this here blog . Obviously I ca n't keep talking about what a mess the Mays family makes me ( At least not everyday ) . So now that I 've got the holidays behind me and a new outlook on my life , why not just plunge in ! One of the first things Elyse tells us is to admit we have a problem . No matter how big or small our paper monster is . Trust me that 's not going to be a problem . I HAVE A PROBLEM . A BIG ONE ! The photo boxes are under my desk . BIG PROBLEM . The new file crates are my paper problems . ANOTHER BIG PROBLEM . I think I 've decided I do n't like having the hanging file folders , though they are easy access . Luckily I filched them from my family 's office supply stash . Now I wo n't feel bad about wasting money on a ton of file folders . The only loss of money would be the crates I got at WalMart during Back to School sales , so really I did n't lose much on the deal because I 'll find another use for those . Another step is to establish how you think of your ancestors . That is easy for me . Everything I have is divided into two sections , my father 's Moore side and my mother 's Mays side . So I would like my records to be divided in that way also . The next step is to start sorting . That 'll have to wait for now . I 'm going to have to do some more planning . Like where these organized papers are going to go . In the meantime , I have a confession to make . On September 26th , I posted about a replica Ellis Island that I got at a clearance sale . It was my hope that having a little inspiration would keep me concentrated and keep the clutter off that part of my desk . Like this : . Do you guys remember when I started this blog nine months ( ! ) ago , and I said I was imposing a full disclosure policy . Here 's where it comes into play again . My original plan was to make a list of my military ancestors for Veterans Day . I hoped to have a list of people that served . I have a ton of Draft cards but a lot of those guys did n't serve from what I can tell . So I was hoping to have a nice list of servicemen and women to eventually gather records for . That did n't exactly happen . I got distracted , like I often do . I opened PhotoShop to edit the above picture for this very blog post . I was going to use it to anchor the post . Make it pop . Then I got distracted , again . Yesterday I posted about my Marine family history so I had Marines on the brain . That 's when I noticed the emblem on Ralph 's hat . Could he be a Marine ? How cool would that be ? So naturally I went to my first stop for all things military . I emailed my Dad . While I was waiting to see if he had any ideas , I had a thought . I was just at Prospect Hill Cemetery . Maybe he was one of the graves I photographed and I did n't put two and two together . Since I was on my laptop , I just went to Find a Grave where I had uploaded all my graveyard photos anyway . Bingo ! I was thinking that he was in the Marines because of the emblem but his gravestone clearly said WWI USNRF which translates to Navy Reserve Force . Right about the time I figured this out I got a response from my father : . It looks to me to be an early 1900 's naval officer probably ww1 time frame . By the insignia on his cap I would think he would have been attached a Marine outfit . Oh dear , he 's going to be so proud of himself for this ! Now you know why I go to him for all things military ! So now I know that Ralph was in the Navy and served in WWI . The only problem is I do n't have a WWI Draft Card for Ralph . I have one for his older brother but not him . So I 'm going to have to assume he was already in the service when WWI came around . I do know that Ralph was trained in Aviation by 1930 , so maybe he got military aviation training ? I do n't know . This is the part of genealogy I love . Just when you think you 've found out everything about someone , you find a little nugget that opens it all up again . As I was writing up yesterday 's Mystery Monday post , I was reminded of the single , most consuming mystery I 've ever had . It started when I first started going through the boxes of treasures / photographs / papers . When I first started scanning the photographs into my computer , I just labeled them UnknownMooreThorward-01 and so on . Funny enough , years after solving this mystery and they 're still named that . This is the photo that launched the hours , months , years of frustration . Okay , so I 'm exaggerating a tiny bit . It did take me years to solve this though . I would pick it up every few months and try again . I do n't know why I was so struck by this picture . I was just so curious about this building . At one of our reunions , I brought the picture up on my laptop and asked around . Many members of my family chimed in . No one really knew where it was though . We dissected it many times . We were analyzing the routes that the cars were taking . My father thought he saw a crane in the back and chimed in that it was probably a temporary structure . I scoffed at that ! Who would tear that kind of building down ! That was nonsense ! A few months later I stumbled upon this photograph among the others . This one does n't show the structure very well , but it gives a bit more detail among the pillars . This one was taken on a different day I think . Here you can see something draped between the pillars and you can see what looks like balloons ! This set our family on all new tangents . My Aunt even showed the picture to some of her customers and got their input . We researched everything from European architecture to the Sesqui - centennial celebration of 1926 in Philadelphia . I went so far as to order a program on eBay from the event and even emailed the Boston Historic Society ! No stone was unturned . Then one day I found a genealogy community online . I decided why not see what happens and I posted the first picture . In a twist of fate that is very common to me , someone posted back within a few hours ! This may sound silly and redundant , but have you checked out Victory Arches ? Oh . Silly me , I did n't even know what a victory arch was ! So I quickly put my Google - fu to the test ! Here 's a simple Google Image search of Victory Arches . Holy canoli , I was back on track ! I was eventually led to an expired eBay auction for this item . In fact , if you search for it today , there are even more images now ! It turns out my structure was an Arch of Victory that was erected to welcome the troops home from WWI . Arch of Victory at Madison Square , New York City , with men of the Twenty - seventh ( New York ) Division marching in a victory parade that was witnessed by hundreds of thousands of cheering spectators . The city turned out in masse to do them honor , and they received a tremendous ovation along the line of march . The avenue was packed from buildings to curbs . This is why I love the internet . It took two years , and many hours of research for this huge family mystery to be solved by one poster on an internet message board . We spent many a hour at reunions discussing what this structure could be . My Dad always maintained that it was probably temporary . Well , you can bet he had bragging rights for a long time on this one ! It 's funny how different the street looks today , yet it still looks the same . I do n't know if you can tell from the size of the images but the buildings from the original photograph seem to all still be standing and look almost exactly the same ! I love to torture myself now . Sure one mystery was solved but that leads to more questions ! Was my family in the hundreds of thousands of people welcoming the troops home ? Were any of my relatives one of the troops being welcomed home ? Gosh I love a good story ! Like this : . I like to keep things honest on this blog . So I have to tell you , I have n't touched my genealogy since at least Sunday . I did index some records for FamilySearch during Glee this week , but that was about all I did in the genealogical sense . I also have n't gotten any further on getting my WordPress design done . I 'm about to the point where I 'm going to have to call relatives for a bit of a pep talk . Low self confidence never helps these situations . I 've been putting it off way too long ! I did have a comment on my last entry that was caught in my SPAM filter . I have both Akismet and a CAPTCHA image running though so it might not be SPAM . The poster said they were trying to view my blog on an iPad and it was n't working . So if any technology advanced people who have an iPad can let me know if this is a problem , I 'll try and fix it with the new design ! It could just be that the iPad is like all those web browsers , it just does n't display proper coding like it should . Firefox and Opera are the only browsers I 've seen that are most consistent when it comes to displaying code properly . That 's not why I 'm writing today though . I 'm writing to inform you of alternative methods to finding genealogy records . A few years back ( I ca n't remember when ) , someone came across my family tree on Ancestry or this website ( Ca n't remember that either ! Eek ! ) They said they had \" found an eBay auction \" they thought I 'd be interested in . According to said auction , it was from an estate sale . At the time of the email , I was n't very good at checking my email regularly , so I was late for the auction . I did something I do n't regret though . I saved the preview pictures used in the auction . After reading the parts of the article I could see , I can place the article around 1905 . Unfortunately Anna died in 1906 . My only headache is trying to place their 4 children , 27 grandchildren , 20 great - grandchildren , and 3 great - great - grandchildren . Oy ! I have to make a chart for that I think ! I 've kept these images on my hard drive in a special folder since that day . Reuben is the brother of my 3rd Great Grandfather , George Washington Webb . They are two of the \" orphans \" mentioned in the little blurb at the beginning of my Grandma 's family tree . Also in this group of estate records were some Civil War records . What 's great about this is even though I do n't have these records in my personal arsenal . I did learn something from them . Now I know there was a reason Reuben 's son disappeared after the 1860 census . Of course I suspected , but suspecting is n't proof . The thing I 've learned about the Webbs are that they were very involved in the Civil War . Reuben 's brother James F Webb allegedly died from wounds he sustained in the War . Reuben himself lost an eye and now it seems as if Reuben 's son was also in the war . I have found Reuben and his son in indexes but I 'm so anxious to see actual records ! You want to know something eerie about my Webb family though ? While I was going through the boxes of things from my Great Grandma Llewellyn ( Dad 's side ) , I found a little booklet . In that booklet there was an advertisement for some kind of headache powder . In this add it had a testimonial from Mrs. Reuben T Webb of Tippecanoe County , Indiana . She endorsed the product with great passion as it relieved her very severe headaches ! How crazy to think my Mom and Dad 's family had a LOST moment of path crossing ! These images are not mine . They were used to advertise an eBay auction years ago . I have no rights to these images and I am making no money off them . These images are in no way a source of documentation for my tree because I have n't set my eyes on them . This entry is really to show how desperation for new information can lead to you saving images from anywhere , including expired eBay auction pages . I do n't condone or endorse this activity . I have no affiliation with eBay . I make no money from eBay . I did n't even buy these records on eBay . I have no affiliation with the television shows LOST or Glee . Except that I love them . Do n't you love having fun disclaimer messages ? I sure do . I ca n't mention fluffy pajamas in this one though because it 's 1:30 in the afternoon and I am not in my pajamas ... unfortunately . Like this : . After much debate with myself , I 'm pretty sure this is n't a second letter , but the second page of the first letter . I say that because of the context and because there was n't an address at the top of this one . So there ya go ! Please note that I 'm transcribing this as it is written . So spelling and grammar are n't my fault ! Dear Jean , We have our troubles hear as well as you have in America all our troubles seems to come at once . I am very sorry to inform you , that Sister Ellen lost one of her little Boys last Saturday afternoon he died of Dropsey brought on by Scarlet Fever . Sister Ellen is in a sore way about him . There was no person at home but herself . Charles is in Alexandra Egypt and expects to stop there if he can get work he will be very much put about when he receives the news of the loss of his son . I would have gone down to Liverpool if I could off been spared Ellen was to bury him last Tuesday . I want her to come and spend a few weeks with me has soon as the wether gets warmer . I hope she will it will do her good I have forgotten to state in Alex letter that I shall be most happy to receive poor George . Lickeness , God Bless him I sincerely hope he is alive I will make Brothers Jamesh ? ? as soon as I have time tell him to write a few lines to me when he as time you will please give mine and my wifes & childrens love to my mother and all my brothers and sisters and receive the same yourself . I will send you and mother a nice present before long you will excuse this short letter has I am afraid of its being over weight . Write soon again and believe me to remain your ever affectionate and loving Brother . Like this : . I was writing up a post about William Menzies . When I tried to find the entry where I transcribed his letter , I could n't find it ! It 's here somewhere , but for some reason it 's disappeared and it 's not tagged with the Menzies surname . Do n't worry , I 'm going to fix issues like these when I redo the site ( which is still ongoing , code is so consuming but I love learning it ) . In the meantime , I 'm going to devote this entry to William 's letter so it 's easy to find . Then I 'm going next door to play with the dogs because I think I need a dose of cute . I now avail myself of the present opportunity of answering your very affectionate and ever welcome letter , and at the same time thanking your for sending me the lock of poor Margrets hair which I intend having put in a broch . I am very sorry to hear such bad news from my Dear Friends in America and feel very much for my poor Mother . I wish I was there to comfort her in all her trouble . I am happy to learn that Brother John has been doing so very well has to aquire property and will be most happy to hear of his arrival amoungst you all in New York . I supose he is not married yet , let me know if your next if soon is the case . That 's where the letter ends . There 's possibly another page to the letter . This is just a photocopy given to me by my Aunt Diane . There are several more letters also . Possibly more than I have . I 'll post the second letter tomorrow ! The last week , I 've been slowly entering my mother 's side of the family into my new family file . It 's a little slower going because there are more of them than Dad 's side . I also had a master list of birthdays I made at the family reunion last year for Dad 's side . So I was able to put them in quickly and use the source I titled , \" 2009 Family Reunion Master List \" . I 'm new to citing Personal Family sources , so I was a bit baffled at first on how to really cite it . Then I realized I was once again over - analyzing something . So I gave the title as stated above , I 'm listed as the other , and in the description I wrote that I compiled the list by going around to everyone at the family reunion and getting their birth dates and marriage dates where needed . It turned out to be a big project for me that year ! On my Mom 's side I now have the original copy of the Family Tree . This is the one my Grandma brought when I was in the eighth grade . I ended up photocopying it at my Mom 's work , and I later reproduced it in Excel and re - printed it . In that time though , I think I might have tried to \" fix \" it . I think things got a little turned around . I 've decided to no longer use my photocopy version . I am lucky that my Aunt sent Grandma 's copy to Maryland for me . Taylor - Webb Family Tree . This has been missing the letters for as long as I can remember ! This has the most complete list I 've ever seen of the current Taylor family . I do n't communicate much with this side of the family so I do n't know if I would ever had completed this much of it without Grandma 's tree . It 's a great resource for quite a few generations back . If you can see , Reuben Vincent Webb is listed as Family Member 2 - 1 in this tree . This tree counts forward from the earliest known Webb relative . So Reuben is actually my 2nd Great Grand Uncle . It 's his sister Mollie Jane Webb who marries into the Taylor family . My index number in this tree is listed as 6 - 54 . Just to show you how it counts forward in time . What my photocopy version was missing is what you see above . I was in 8th grade around 1997 . My Grandmother did n't pass away until January 2005 . So in that time , not only had I been making changes to the family tree , so had my Grandmother ! I found little handwritten notes all over the tree . Notes that were n't there in 1997 when we photocopied it . Taylor - Webb Family Tree . Living person information blurred for privacy . Not only did I find notes in my Grandma 's handwriting , there were notes from another person too ! This could have been from my Aunt . It could have been from someone who was just visiting and they were discussing the tree . It does n't really matter , what I do know is that even though this tree has some errors in it , it 's a wealth of information in other ways . Treasure Chest Thursday is a daily blogging topic from GeneaBloggers . Popular Posts . Monthly Archives . Categories . Yearly Goals Yikes I Do n't Know Naming Patterns Our Crazy Life Television Shows The Diary of Llewellyn "}
{"url": "https://www.behance.net/gallery/MIE/9285915", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701158609.98/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193918-00328-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Every now and then I realize that I 've left you hanging on a variety of things - by accident , and because I 'm disorganized ( not on purpose)-and / or I think of a few minor things I want to share that are n't entire - post - worthy . And then I throw them all together in a single mish - mash post and call it a day . Hooray ! Next , I realized I never filled you in on the recent developments in Dog Saga - land . After a lot of consideration and discussion and research , we decided to pursue getting an autism service dog for Monkey . This was exciting , both because I think it 's something he 'll love and also because we assumed it would alleviate some of the issues we need to deal with when Hippie School changes next year . I bet you know where this is going , but I 'll tell you anyway . We made arrangements to visit their facility - two states away - and of course they could n't even give us a workable appointment for over a month , but we went ahead and scheduled it and life went on . And then life imploded , but when the day came and Chickadee was in the hospital we went anyway ( Chickie understood ) , and hopes were high . The facility was nice . The people were very sweet . The dogs were simply darling . Monkey got a lapful of standard poodle puppy and could n't stop laughing . He fed bits of hot dog to an apricot goldendoodle pup who probably would 've viewed Licorice as a tasty between - meal snack . It was a great day . I felt giddy . And then the head trainer told us that some things have changed lately ( oh how I have come to loathe that word , \" change \" ) and BY THE WAY their time from contract to placement of a dog is about two years . Monkey happily played video games and read books on the way back home , and I did n't spend the whole drive crying , no , because the drive was about five hours and I just do n't have that many tears left . And in the meantime , Merry wants us to come in and finalize the agreement for next year , which has now moved from \" maybe we should consider not doing full - time \" to \" he will not be allowed to attend full - time . \" Even though it 's March and we 're talking about next August . Even though he 's growing so much , so fast , right now . Even though it 's going to break his heart . It 's not an indictment of him or us . I know that . I know she has to balance the needs of the whole school . I know why she thinks it 's best , and I know the subtext here is that we should be ( and are , do n't get me wrong ) grateful that he 's being allowed to return at all . But does it smart ? Yeah . This gets complicated , quickly , as Hippie School does a ton of field trips , many of them on the days he 'll be out . While all are welcome to join on trips , it means scheduling something else on those days will mean either missing a trip or missing the other activity , a good way to cause a Monkey Meltdown . Bathing suits confuse me . This has nothing to do with anything , really . Let me tell you what happens when you reach the no - man's - land of sizing when you could technically still fit into Girls ' ( but girls ' sizes are n't shaped for curves ) but really you wear the smallest Junior sizes : NO SWIMSUITS FOR YOU . Rather : You can still have an athletic one - piece , if your mother is willing to spend $ 70 on it ( hint : she 's not ! ) , and short of that modest racing Speedo , your choices in \" cute \" suits range from string bikini to buttfloss . Your choice ! Moral of the story : eBay is your friend for the racing suit , at least . And your mother rather enjoys listening to your commentary on the bikini options . ( \" That 's not a bathing suit , that 's a piece of string and a couple of nipple band - aids . \" ) In the wake of recent events ( see also : suckitude , extremely a lot of ) , when I dropped the children off with their father on Saturday morning . so that I could have five minutes to myself for the first time in two months . so that they could have a nice visit , I may have skipped a little bit as I headed back to my car . I decided to run some errands , stop at Goodwill - all of the mundane sorts of things that have been so hard to do lately . I do n't really do the mall , you know . But I had a few things to return there ( like the swimsuit I ordered the kid from Lands ' End Canvas , where the top was too small and the bottom too big and WHERE IS OUR JUST - RIGHT PORRIDGE ALREADY ? ) and I happen to have a Macy 's gift card for some reason . So I wandered in and commenced perusing the clearance . Either my timing was off or the mall is even more dreadful than I remember ( either is possible , frankly ) , but the clearance was pitiful . I have no need for a sweater made of muppets , so it really was n't my finest shopping day . ( Oh , except the top I was trying on at Goodwill that resulted in me flashing the whole store ? Banana Republic , $ 4 . That was pretty sweet . ) After wandering around Macy 's for half an hour it occurred to me that Chickie has put in a request for a new pair of yoga pants , so I finally located a salesgirl and said , \" Where would I be if I was exercise gear ? \" She pointed , elaborated that I was looking for the items \" to the left of the maternity section , \" and I thanked her and headed that way . Do you know what was to the left of the maternity section ? OLD LADY JOGGING SUITS . I kid you not . A veritable SEA of bedazzled velour greeted me , with nary or a sports bra or other ACTUAL wear - while - working - out clothing item in sight . Look , I get that I was n't exactly looking my finest . I was wearing jeans and a t - shirt and sneakers , and no makeup , and my hair was in a ponytail , but ... I spent the entire rest of the day wondering if that salesgirl thought I was 70 . 41 Responses to \" A little bit of everything \" . Thanks for the ' Mir fix ' . Great big hugs winging your way ... PS I flashed the dermatogist 's office on Friday when the NP left and I was changing . The asst opened the door because the Dr ( male ) wanted to step in and say \" hi \" . Luckily they only have you undress to the undergarments so the nurses station / back of the receptionist area only saw me slightly indisposed ... :-) . Aaaand the final item is why I have n't been to the mall in nearly 2 years . [ I 'm not counting the oh - so - trendy outdoor mall which I go to because it 's the only Williams Sonoma in town and I like to drop in and pat the Le Creuset now and then . I will petition the universe for a whole lotta boring to head your way - SOON . We were browsing on our way out when a sales clerk approached and excitedly asked if we realized terry robes were on sale ... . I ca n't help with anything else but LE Canvas has some good sales on bikinis that might meet both the coverage and cute criteria . Check out the Cabana Ring Bikini or the Swim Essentials Underwire Bikini Top and bottoms which can be had in women 's XXS ( i.e. size zero ) and for less than $ 30 for both the top and bottom . And , if you get on Speedo 's mailing list , they have notices of sales and percent off deals that bring their suits into affordable range , especially if you do n't mind wearing last year 's patterns ( my daughter does n't ) . I usually stock up when they have a percent off on already clearanced suits , so I end up spending between $ 20 and $ 30 per suit , rather than $ 70 . They also have some more modest two - piece suits at both sites . I know they 're expensive ... but ModCloth swim suits are the best . EVER for your daughter 's body type - they fit beautifully and are retro - chic and they are decidedly NOT string bikini or buttfloss . Giggling at nipple band aids . My 11 yr old who is built the same way thinks all the suits geared toward her age group are \" hoochiefied . \" \" And where is the rest of my boob supposed to go ? \" Also , \" ew . \" The prices are what get me . I ca n't ( and wo n't ; I just wo nt ! ) pay $ 85 for a swimsuit she wo n't fit next year ( and which may be saggy butted this year b / c of the inability to find one that actually fits ) . Sorry about Monkey 's dog . And about Hippie School . I wish I had some kind of enlightening words to offer , some witty phrase or quote to give you perspective , make you laugh , ease the all at onceness you must feel so often lately . I ai n't gots shit . Other than my thoughts and hopes that things work out ( but I remain convinced that you will see to that so my words are moot ! ) Still , I wish there was more . Also , go for polyester , a tad more expensive , but last a lot longer . Our pool eats Lycra for breakfast . My solid color polyester competition suit in size not - toothpick was $ 19 . Other than that I just send prayers that 1 . a dog will be matched soon , 2 . Monkey 's school situation will work out ( hmmm ... how about \" you have to stay home to be with the dog ! \" ) and 3 . Chickie will continue to recover and also find rocking bathing suits on sale . There just HAS to be a place where you can buy a two piece in separate pieces ! That way you can totally get the size you need . I had to do that when I was just a bit older than Chickie . Just wait ' til she 's a bridesmaid and has to have a dress MADE . Hello large top that somehow must be attached to the small bottom ! I 'm willing to bet that you are creative enough to come up with some pretty awesome projects and field trips for those days when Monkey is home . Things that Monkey would cheerfully give up a limb if it meant he got to go there or do that . I 'm glad you can still find life 's humor with everything that 's going on . The video was hysterical ! I sent the link to my mom , along with a note to thank dad for working all that overtime back in the day to pay for my college tuition ! Hopefully someday they 'll forgive me for being a very well - educated SAHM . I 'm dreading the day my daughter grows beyond the swim - mini - and - rash - guard swimsuit phase . My sympathies . I hope Chickie continues to feel better . Do your guys wear Levis ? What I buy at Macy 's are the 501 's my husband has been rocking since he was 16 . What a big bunch of suck all at once . Being sent to the old lady jogging suit section was just the cherry on the sundae , huh ? I know that 's hard to believe from where you are . And it 's not always the case . But sometimes it is . When my mom 's assisted living apartments announced they were closing just three months after she had moved back in after recovering from a bad fall , I was terribly upset . I cried about it for two days . But the place she 's moved in to is much cheaper , has more activities , and is better in almost every way . ( The other place did have a better location . ) Basically , worrying about the future wo n't change it , but it will make the present less pleasant . Hope this did n't come across too annoying chirpy . I hate chirpiness , especially in the face of real problems . But choosing faith rather than fear has helped me through some hard times in the last couple of years , so I feel compelled to pass it along . Add my voice to the chorus of \" Dammit , I thought the lack of news about Hippie School meant it was good news . \" I know you will find the best solution for Monkey , but ca n't the world just help you out a little ? Grr . I do n't care if you were n't wearing makeup , there is no way IN HELL that anybody sane thought that you were in the market for a bedazzled velour jogging suit . Clearly that saleperson was a banana . And finally , that video ? Made my morning . Now all day I 'll be singing about what a slut I am , and forwarding that video to all the sluts I know . ( Nike , Dolfin , Speedo ) Be patient , they go on good sales now and then . I buy my daughter MANY suits a year through them as when you are on the swim team , and spend hours a day in chlorine , your suits wear out at an astounding rate . Or they start to sag so much in the rear that you could fit your towel in there with you . I am in love with that YouTube video . You made my day . And swimsuits are hard for everyone . I have the exact opposite problem . Curvy everywhere except my chest , which pregnancies and nursing did nothing to help . You have my sympathy . Probably too expensive for your taste , but J.Crew has really nice swimsuits that you can buy as separates in a variety of cuts and they last and last . I bought my first one in 1999 and I still wear it every summer . Old Navy sometimes has cute ones and you can always buy them as separates . I absolutely love the new - ish trend to wear coordinated ( rather than matching ) bikini tops and bottoms . As a frequent stalker , I can assure you that the really odd sizes , like 28D , for the boobed toothpicks often wind up there for cheap . Mixing and matching is the bomb . I like the Detritus category . Always good for a laugh . Know what you need to do the next time you feel the need to post but do nt have a lot to say ? ( or perhaps you need to snark and do nt have a good topic ? ) one of those where you run thru your analytics to see what searches brought hits to your site ... I miss those , and they are a scream . So sorry about Monkey and the wait time for a service dog , and the changes at hippie school . I wish I had words of wisdom or comfort . As far as swimsuits go , I know they 're a bit on the pricey side but I love Title Nine . They sell tops and bottoms as separate pieces , so you can even mix & match patterns a bit . Best of all , they sell actual swim trunks / board shorts , which I love because they are the complete opposite of butt - floss . I never felt as free as I did when I went swimming and never once had to tug my suit down to better cover my behind . Best of luck in the search for the perfect / good enough suit ! Two comments : our mall is utterly useless . And yes , 14 - 15-year - olds do n't fit into any clothing whatsoever . If I can find a blazer to fit my one , it will be a miracle . At least he wears men - sized shoes ... . Note on Macy 's : Shop online ! We had this ( apparently super - expensive ) flatware set given to us for Christmas one year that came from Macy 's . We looked all over the store for something that we could use , but neither my husband nor I could find a thing that we wanted . So we shopped online . Also , you made both me and my husband laugh with Chickie 's statement about the \" swimsuits \" out there . We 've made similar comments ourselves , but it 's refreshing to hear it from a teenager . I have \" I 'm a slut \" stuck in my head , and it 's annoying my husband when I randomly break out with the chorus . I 've been a slut in the past as well , but only with my husband ( and after we were married ) . We do n't want to have children , so that makes me a slut , I guess . Oh , well - better slut than trollop , I always say ! You know , if you have a good dog training facility by you , you can train your own service dog . My son has mobility issues and we were given a dog by a local breeder to train as a mobility assistance dog . I live clear on the other end of the country from you , but it might be something you may want to consider . I realize you might not have the time in between all the excitement right now , but its a thought . You could actually get a temperament test for Licorice . She might be an excellent candidate . Poodles and poodle mixes often do well as service animals . I got 3 swimsuits for lap swim for the price of 1 . But I signed up for the DealFlyer & use their additional discount coupons from that ( it generates a lot of e - mail from them though ) . I never buy full price from them anymore because there 's always another coupon coming in my e - mail . The only problem is things can sell out while you wait for the higher coupon . Did most of my Christmas shopping there for 3 years in a row . Zulily on the other hand ... mmmm You have to be willing to wait a ridiculously long time for them to \" consolidate \" and it sells out quick too . I ca n't make myself watch the video . While I do n't think Rush was nice in calling her a slut . I am one of those people who do n't want to pay for someone else 's birth control . I know ... crazy is n't it ? Nor do I like our government telling my religion how to practice our faith .... what a nut case I am ! ! ! ! So ... because my blood is boiling over the whole thing and the double standard of the media ( what did they call Sarah Palin ? ) I ca n't risk it . As for the swimsuit ... my 16 year old has taken the modest to a fashion statement and bought a high waisted 50 's style suit . : ) . I 'm not sure you want to move to open warfare , but is Hippie school allowed to discriminate against Monkey ? Because that 's what they are doing and it makes me mad . Maybe a lawyer letter ? And could n't you force his home school district to provide some support ? After all , they obviously ca n't meet his needs otherwise . . .. why am I irked that Hippie School is doing this to Monkey . Sorry , I do n't mean to cause a stir . I just keep thinking . If the three days are fine , what the F is wrong with the other two ? LOVE the idea of a service dog , a pal that will always be there for him , even on the worst days . We could all use that . In my honest opinion , Macys has sucked for a while now ... I do n't do malls very often either , but Macys used to be a good place if you had to get a decent outfit for an event or whatever . I was very surprised at the crappy selections and outrageous prices I saw there last month . They had a fair amount of XS which is what my twiggy 13 year old wears . Good luck ! ! I like two - piece suits , but need them to stay put ( I 'm a nanny . I ca n't be stopping to adjust nipple - bandaids and floss ) . I 've had good luck mixing and matching sizes of tops and bottoms both with suits from Target and from Old Navy . However , I have hips . It sounds like Chickie does n't . Adtastic ! Woulda Coulda Search . Things I Might Once Have Said . Categories . Categories Select Category About Aspi(e)rations / AD(D)orations Books Detritus Dungeons & Dragons & Diabetes Forget talk ; walk the walk ! Friends Growing Have n't been hit by lightning yet ! Health is overrated I 'm dating the television Irreconcilable Differences It 's not a regret , it 's an \" experience \" Job ? Huh ? My name is Grumplestiltskin Offspring : ecstasy and agony Oh look ! Something furry ! ! Ottomatic For the People Retail Therapy The Year of Living Changerously Uncategorized What do I do all day ? Woohoo ! "}
{"url": "http://onceuponaplaterecipes.blogspot.com/2009/11/gratin-dauphinois-scalloped-potatoes.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701152987.97/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193912-00198-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Haley 's Poker Blog . Friday , October 30 , 2009 . Another Content Thief . Just wanted you all to know that if you 're finding this on a site called PokerBlips , it is unauthorized content theft . Let 's see how long before the asshats react , shall we ? UPDATE : Awww , they have seemed to have removed it within fifteen minutes of my complaint , without bothering to acknowledge the theft or apologize for it . Them 's classy peeps ! Checking out a couple of pages there , I can see they 've been swiping from all the usual suspects -- Chops , Pokerati , Shrinky , Shamus , Hoy , Grump , Lou , Snoops , Pauly and many more . It 's a zero - sum game , which is why I will not allow it . These sites are increasing their own exposure and Google page rank , but at whose expense ? That 's right -- it 's the sites they steal from . Took an Hour or so ... . ... and cleaned out a lot of the crap links . No reason for me to provide free linkage to sites that have been converted to affiliate shell sites , or do n't post , or are otherwise dead weight , or for any of several other reasons . Go do your own work , peeps ; I 've always done mine . Wednesday , October 21 , 2009 . WSOPC Chicagoland Event # 4 , Day 2 . Yeah , I was a bit overtired when I wrote that Day 1 synopsis . Lots of typooohs . Anyhow , I had my A game for Day 1 , but not so much for Day 2 . I simply did not get a good night 's sleep , and it might have come back to bite me . We resumed at 2 pm on Monday , 30 players at four tables , needing to get down to 18 to reach the money , then on from there . I 'd had a great table on Sunday , but on Monday there were three large stacks to my immediately left among the seven players . One of them was a tough Russian girl named Nadja who I remembered from last year , and another of the stacks turned out to be tourney veteran Patti Till . The third large stack was to my immediate left . I had 60,800 , but blinds and antes were already 1,200/2,400/300 , and folding to the money was no option . Neither was playing a hand , at least at first -- I found 7 - 2 , 7 - 3 , 8 - 3 , 9 - 2 , and all sorts of similar combinations for the first couple of laps . Meanwhile , we were losing a player every three or four hands . We were down to about 23 players and I was in the big blind when my make - or - break hand arrived . The deep stack to my immediate left opened for 10,000 . It folded all the way around to me , and I found aces . I pondered whether to call and take the flop , or just jam for my last 50,000 . I picked Door B and got a snap - call from the UTG player , who blessedly had Q - Q. An ace flopped , but so did a ten , and then a jack on the turn brought the Broadway bad beat into play . It was bad for a second when paint flashed , but it was another jack , and all of a sudden I was north of 100,000 , and pretty much assured of a cash . That happened just a lap or two later , and the TDs took the final two tables ' players up to the performance stage at The Venue , where this was held . I 'd been up there last year as well in the H.O.R.S.E. tourney , but it was good to be back with a playable stack . Of course , the players who were left were tougher , too , and I just could n't make much headway . I had the tough Nadja at my table , a couple of other good players , and a seemingly timid but very aggressive player to my right who kept stealing blinds and mixing it up . After a while I was just aching to mix it up with her in a big hand , but she got the better of me the whole time we were at two tables . As for me , I was doing my best just to hold steady , oscillating between 75,000 and 125,000 as we lost another six players . I was back down to about 90,000 and blinds / antes were all the way up to 6,000/12,000/1,000 when I found an unsuited A - K on the button , among the best hands I saw all day . I jammed with it , and the small blind tanked before calling me for her last 65,000 . She showed J - J , but this race I won when an ace flopped . I had about 160,000 , but then took a small hit and was soon back down and scuffling around the 100,000 mark , after getting check - raised off a weak flush draw by the aforementioned aggromouse on my right . I think I was under 90,000 and blinds were imminently moving to 8,000/16,000/2,000 when I made a move with A-8 suited , and was called by a good player in the big blind , who had me just covered . Bad news , as I for sure only have three outs there , and she indeed showed A - J. Good news , in that the flop came A - Q-8 . Somehow I dodged both the jack and the queen and doubled through , then bounced her the very next hand in 11th . It was the only bad beat I laid on anyone the entire tourney , but it came at a great moment for me . We combined to a single table and filled out the player info sheets ; this was my first Circuit final table , and I was mid - pack at 196,000 when we did the redraw . That was my high - water mark , as I never won a single hand at the final . Every hand was contested and I had to get out of the only pot I entered after being stop - n - go'd while whiffing a flop with A - Q. Meanwhile , Patti Till won a race with a short stack to avoid going out in tenth , and she ended up running all the way to second , behind Nadja , the eventual winner . I was card dead and the blinds and antes were eating us up , and we lost a short stack to set the official final table and then another one to close to eight players . I had about 135,000 or so when it was folded all the way around to me in the small blind , where I found A-8 of hearts . The shortest remaining stack was in the big blind , the same player I 'd doubled through with aces early in the day . I attempted to set her all in for last 50,000 and she snap - called and showed A - K , which held . So I was the short stack , and found nothing at all during the next lap , dribbling away the 2,000 ante every hand , leaving me perhaps 65,000 , about four big blinds . Soon it was my big blind , and it was folded all the way around to the small . She raised from a deep stack , I looked and found A - J and jammed , and she called for just a few more chips with A - K. There 's no way not to play the A - J there , of course . I was just a bit coolered at the very end . It 's never easy , though , win or lose . The flop came 8 - 9-Q , and the turn was the ten , giving me the suckout straight . The river , though , was the re - suck jack , useless to me and giving her Broadway , sending me off in eighth . So much for that . It was a good long tourney run , but still quite short of where I hoped it would end up . I 'd promised Nolan I 'd return to play this year 's H.O.R.S.E. tourney if I won this won , but in a way it was okay -- I 'd have been way too beat to play good poker the next day anyway . So far , these Circuit events are the only thing I 've played where I 've had some success : three entered , three cashes . Now , if I could do something about that oh - fer - four in the much more expensive events at the WSOP itself , I 'd be happy . It 's a shame I 'm not slightly better at poker and a whole bunch younger , because then I 'd have more hopes for the future . Tuesday , October 20 , 2009 . WSOPC Chicagoland Event # 4 , Day 1 . I had a tough choice entering this past weekend . I could drive up to the old stomping grounds in central Wisconsin and play a weekend - long cribbage tourney , or I could head over to the Horseshoe Chicagoland in Hammond , IN for one of the preliminary events in that venue 's second annual WSOP Circuit series . I opted for the poker , in good part because it 's likely the only opportunity I 'll have to see my friends among the WSOP tourney staff for the foreseeable future . This poker job market does n't look good at all , and as I need to pay the bills , I 'm beginning to look elsewhere . Still , it was good to see Nolan and Steve and Amy and Charlie and Doug and Troy and Jolyn and Thomas and several others . Even Pokerworks Aaron was there , as a dealer , fresh from a brief training session by Linda G. . It was a 3 pm start for Event # 4 on Sunday , the $ 235 ladies tourney . I 'd just barely cashed in this last year and was happy enough to give it another go . This year 's 183-player turnout was slightly lower than last year 's 200-plus runners , though turnouts overall at the Chicagoland stop remain very high by Circuit standards . My opening table had one decent player I remembered from last year , but overall it was very soft and passive , and since we had a ridiculously flat and generous blinds structure , I decided I needed to try to snag chips . Usually not . No one at this table wanted to bet unless they made a big hand or had a monster pre - flop , so I helped myself to the leftovers . I went from the starting stack of 10,000 to north of 17,000 without a single big pot , but our table was going nowhere . We were well into the fourth 45-minute level before we lost a single player , meaning that we had to be losing ground to other tables around us . Still , one can only play the hands one is dealt . I took a big hit doubling up a short stack -- my QQ versus her KK pre - flop -- to drop back down to about 11,000 , so I went back to the smallball grind and tried again . By this time my secret was out , as my first two dealers knew me and several of the TDs stopped by for a brief hello , Eric from Image Masters took my photo and so on . So , whoever I was , whether I could play or not , I was n't going to get much action from this squeaky tight table . I slowly chipped back up to about 23,000 , then was plunked back down to about 14,000 just before the dinner break , again doubling up a shorty . This time my JJ went in bad against QQ . No suckout for me ! Post - dinner , we 'd finally lost a couple of players , and they were replaced by looser , more aggressive types . Key for me was when the five seat was filled by a younger girl from Milwaukee , and she brought about 45,000 with her when she sat down . It turned out I had her number , and by night 's end , her chips . First , though , she took a tiny pot off me with what might as well have been a bluff , but I did n't have a good read and let my middle pair or something similar go . I wanted to watch her fire at pots and suspect opponents and as we looked to be a pack of middle - aged nits , I wanted to make a good score when I finally mixed it up . Fortune soon smiled upon me . I 'd had lots of pocket pairs on this Day 1 , but never flopped a single set . This time I was in the big blind , having just taken down a decent pot the hand before and busting another short stack . She made a standard raise from the hijack , and everyone else folded . I had pocket fives and just called . The flop : 3 - 5 - 5 with two diamonds , giving me quads . Woo - hoo ! I checked , figuring she 'd bet . She did , about 4,200 . I knew she 'd either go for it hook , line and sinker , or smell a rat , but I passed the rat detector this time , or so it turned out . The turn brought a ten . I checked . She checked behind after a moment 's thought , but almost too quick . Tthe river was another mid - deck junk card , maybe an eight , one that could n't have completed any draws , so I figured my best chance for a big pot was to bet out and make it look like a stupidly executed river bluff . I glanced at her with my best fake - defiant look , grabbed at two or three different chip amounts , then set out 7,800 . She snap - called , saying , \" Pair of tens ! \" I just flipped over my hand and quietly said , \" Quad fives . \" Gasps from the table . The girl had a couple of rail fans who were patrolling the area , and when one stopped by a few minutes later , she remarked that I 'd put a \" soul beat \" on her , though none of were in a bad mood at this table . I never did hear what the soon - to - come second hand was , but it had to hurt just as bad . In this later hand , our table positions were reversed , and she had recovered in chips after getting down to about 11,000 and managing a longshot triple - up with dominated pocket fours . She was loose - aggressive and her chips went up and down like the proverbial yo - yo . I had pocket deuces from middle position and open - raised with them for three times the big blind . Most of the remaining passive players were to my left and they were n't giving me any action at all , so I was n't surprised when it folded back to the back blind . She called , then checked the 3 - 7 - 7 , two - diamond flop . I bet 3,800 , about two - thirds the pot . She snap - called again , making me think she had two diamonds or a couple of overs and wanted to take a shot at me . The turn was a black ten , no diamond ; she checked and I checked behind . The river brought a third seven , putting trips on the board , but no possible straight or flush , just quads and full houses and nasty things like that . I had the worst possible boat . She gave me a quick , direct look and bet 7,800 . I thought about it . Were my measly deuces good here ? I thought so . I did n't think that she could have been helped by any card except that ten , and I think she would have bet it if it had helped on the turn , since she sure did n't think I had the case seven . Plus , I think she wanted some revenge . I called , and she said , \" You got me ! King high . \" I turned over my pocket deuces , to another round of gasps from the table . Yay me for the correct hero call . I busted her half a lap later when she jammed pre - flop with Q-9 and I found A - Q. I was at about 70,000 at my highest point , then dropped back down to 50,000 after losing to another shortstack with KK against AA . I made it back up to 60,800 when play was halted for the night , at about 2:30am . Due to the flat structure , we had 30 players left , still well short of the 18-player money bubble . My stack was just about average for those that remained , though it was second at my table . I would have loved to play to the money , because I was playing well and loved my table draw , but that was not to be , so I bagged up and made the drive back across the Chicago area to try to get a few hours sleep . Lots of New Material ( and an Online Plug ) . Hi , kids , . I 'm all back now from a busy two days at the WSOP Circuit stop over at Horseshoe Chicagoland , which means I 'll be cranking out several lengthy posts over the next few days . Among the things on the immediate agenda : . And ... I 'll be playing a bit more online poker the next few months as well , since I do have a lot more free time on my hands . Bodog has its next Bodog Poker Open coming up next month , and I always try to fit a couple of those events into my schedule . So , if you see \" ChayseTilton \" at your table , that 's this fat donkette blundering around on the virtual felt . Tuesday , October 06 , 2009 . Just Conjecturin ' , Part 4 : Inside the Excapsa Ownership Bloc . When the movers and shakers behind the UltimateBet online poker site needed to dump their original liquidator , Mintz and Partners , Ltd. , the resulting call for votes by share exposed a thin majority of Excapsa 's ownership to public scrutiny . All told , votes in the affirmative were obtained on behalf of 113,969,851 of 201,804,155 outstanding shares in the company , or 56.4 % . Partial lists of the owners of this 56.4 % of Excapsa stock have been published elsewhere , but these lists in general have been incomplete and rife with typos . This post includes a better list , one that I think is the most accurate published to date . The original Excapsa seems to have been a collection of owners , officials and low - level workers from Greg Pierson 's software firms ieLogic and Iovation , coupled with a healthy mix of well - known , relatively old - time poker personalities who were not committed to other firms . UB was pulled together in the early years of the decade , though the partial - ownership snapshot represents how the company stood in July , 2008 . The complete ( if partial ) list follows , published here in no particular order . Next post brings some sorting and assignations : . Erik E. Pierson -- 10,128 Leonard L. Pierson -- 5,000 Melva S. Pierson - 5,000 Fred ( J. ) David -- 1,680,000 Daniel P. Cunningham and Melissa M. Cunningham - 2,085,872 . RBC Trustees ( CI ) Ltd. ( trustee of The Westwood Trust ) -- 3,279,792 Charles Schaupp -- 3,843,504 Omaha Beech Investments LLC -- 4,000,000 The Desert Palm Irrevocable Trust -- 4,304,730 Molly O'Hearn Living Trust -- 4,304,728 . The Tip Top Irrevocable Trust -- 9,385,822 The Rising Son Irrevocable Trust -- 13,220,816 Dale Lovett - 10,256 Leonard J. Morgan -- 5,000 Charles F. Fletcher II -- 5,128 . Tamara Jean Smith -- 5,128 Tamara J. Smith -- 5,000 Julia Bodine -- 5,128 Richard S. Yugler - 5,128 Stephanie Harlen - 8,000 . Rick Vail - 5,128 Joel N. Cunningham -- 12,300 James B. Cunningham - 75,944 Corwin Swick -- 20,000 Whitney Arnold -- 70,000 . Scott Kirkowski -- 84,000 Jason Karl -- 255,984 Daniel Friedberg and Raywa Friedberg , ( JT TEN ) -- 331,069 Gerald Fujii -- 443,997 Melissa L. S. Gaddis -- 737,952 . Uri Kozai -- 1,200,000 Daniel Friedberg -- 1,360,000 The Clearwater Irrevocable Trust -- 2,085,872 Chomvilai Hanchena -- 2,935,512 Roger K. Gaumnitz Family Partnership -- 3,074,800 . The Jack McClelland and Elizabeth McClelland Trust -- 1,229,920 Manchurian Living Trust -- 1,574,800 Duane J \" Dewey \" and Judith K. Weum , JT TEN -- 1,974,800 Fluffhead LLC - 2,975,839 Monsour Matloubi -- 3,846,256 . Russell W. Hamilton , Jr. -- 4,304,720 Brett David Calapp - 5,128 Carolyn Heick -- 587,952 Derek C. Morgan - 2,500 IGL Group IM - 46,153 . Kirstin Thomas - 80,000 Daniel P. Cunningham , Dorothy B. Cunningham ( joint tenants ) - 130,740 Nicholas M. and Aimee K. Leonard , TEN COMM - 275,000 The Mountain Ridge Irrevocable Trust - 410,792 James P. Hendrie - 537,952 . MS Irrevocable Trust - 4,804,720 The Vision Irrevocable Trust - 7,489,323 The Grandview Irrevocable Trust ( trustee , Meridian Trust Company Ltd. ) - 13,220,816 . In addition , several other shareholders and shareholder entities were mentioned in billing correspondence assembled by Mintz and Partners , which as a self - respecting legal firm seems to have never missed an opportunity to bill at $ 250/hour for answering the phone or opening a letter . Okay , I 'm making up the rate , but you get the idea . These additional shareholder entities , noted in correspondence prior to the July , 2008 separation date , include : . Michelle Hellmuth Trust James Hoffman M&G Investments Peter Collery Chris St. John _ _ _ _ _ _ Sawers ( Mr. ) Sanford Millar Dwayne Walker Fundamentals ( Peter Case ) Martin Crew Alex Silverman Nancy Friedman Ian Jones Matthew Hicks Christine Schwamb Jeff Anderson Art Stoop . Antonio Esfandiari ( ? ) The Michelle Hellmuth Trust is the most interesting of the latter names , suggesting that Phil Hellmuth and his presumed shares may not have been on board with the liquidator change , or at the least were not included in the 56.4 % bloc . ( Phil 's wife is named Katherine , by the way , and his mother is Lynn ; this might be a sister , and a minor \" gift \" share bloc . ) Esfandiari gets a question mark because his ownership / involvement with UB changed over time . While he was for sure involved with UB in some form in 2006 , he may not have been at the time these documents were created . Esfandiari , Hellmuth and Annie Duke manned an UltimateBet autograph booth at the 2006 WSOP , but in 2007 Esfandiari was widely rumored to have left the company in all aspects . The correspondence from the Mintz case indeed shows that Esfandiari received a disbursement check , amount and reason unknown , issued in January , 2007 . Therefore , if he had a UB ownership share , as was rumored , he may have sold it . All told , it seems as though there were 200 to 400 ownership entities connected with Excapsa and 6356095 Canada . The majority appear to have been very minor employee / relative stakes awarded to or purchased by people connected with Pierson 's software firms , with a handful of larger blocs seemingly controlled by Iovation executives . The poker connections are relatively fewer in number but for the most part , were for larger blocs of stock . More next time , including more of the names behind and connections between several of the stock blocs above . Recent events have demonstrated to me that getting out the true and full stories of the AP and UB cheating scandals is going to entail significant legal effort , in addition to all the legwork of the past several years . Such is the nature of the beast . While I 've resisted doing so for years , it 's finally time to ask : Do you have some spare change to contribute to the cause ? I 'm going to be needing to mount both offensive and defensive legal efforts in the months ahead , and any contributions to cover these expenses are gratefully appreciated . Who am I ? Currently continuing work on a book on the AP and UB scandals , to be published by Dimat Publishing in late 2012 or early 2013 . "}
{"url": "http://wikis.ala.org/annual2009/index.php?title=Unconference_Waiting_List&diff=1945&oldid=1897", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701146600.56/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193906-00221-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Something REALLY bad happened ! ! ! I did n't notice . Yet somehow I survived , after a fasion . My egg was buried , but despite all logic this did NOT kill me . Rather put me into a slumber through the ages ( and pre - ages ! ) Millions and millions of years . You know come to think of it , I was really bored ! ! ! I was discovered . The Explorer . My discoverer was a tour guide named Craig who fashioned himself a palaeontologist . However up until the day he found me , his ambition had n't gone so well . I wonder if he wishes his luck had n't changed after finding me ? as part of peter 's new promotion of both the dinosaur winter games , and us dinosaurs in it , he took us across george 's straight to victoria for a special appearance at the royal british columbia museum . the post on this , dare i say , misadventure is coming up soon , but thought i could start previewing the museum through its fossils here on the weekends ... . you 're first sneak peek of the RBCM is this rather lovely belemnite . belemnites were very similar to squid ( which they were closely related too ) but had much harder \" guards \" , aka inner shells , which is what you see here . due to these harder shells belemnites fossilize quite easily ( at least this particular part of them ) . the belemnites evolved during the devonian period , and finally went extinct in the cretaceous . they reached the height of their success in the jurassic and cretaceous . this time around i spotted this rather pretty great blue heron ( Ardea herodias ) while wandering around vancouver harbour . today 's backyard dinosaur challenge is try to spot a bird everywhere you go ... i think you 'll be pleasantly surprised to find our avian friends are ever present ( unless your a deep sea driver or an astronaut :P ) . our first event , the ski jump , had ended rather dramatically . with the gondwannan athlete , sansom the spinosaur , crashing into the crowd rather than land his jump properly . in good news no one was seriously hurt . in bad news a few people were somewhat hurt . i was letting my special talent agent peter bond deal with all the consequences of this , but a few people were already starting to complain about the possible dangers of our other upcoming sporting events . it was all starting to give me a headache . especially since my future was so tied into these OH- lympics ( in the form of ALL my money ! ! ! ) i needed to get away from it all for a bit and get some fresh air . i decided to mail some stuff back to my people in new zealand ( at least those that were n't here at the OH- lympics already ! ) as i made my way to the post office though , i ran into some old acquaintances . the australian leaellynasauras boom and rang . knowing the two of them , their team had sent them out to get fresh air , unlike my choosing to go ! not that i minded run into them . it was nice to see a familiar face . especially ones who did n't dislike me or one another ! \" g'day traumador , \" boom enthusiastically greeted me . \" hello traumador ! \" rang followed up with . \" hi guys , \" i greeted back , but did n't stop walking . i really wanted to get my stuff in the mail . \" mind if we join you ? \" rang asked . \" yeah we 're pretty bored , \" boom explained . \" sure , \" i said . the company would be nice . as we walked i realized i needed to be polite . \" congratulations on your win at ski jumping rang . \" \" oh it was nothing at all really , \" he pretended to be modest . i recall these two little hypsilophodonts were n't all that self contained . answering my suspicion boom added . \" apart from being better than all the other dinosaurs of the world ! \" it was true . the tiny leaellynasaura had trounced every other saurian ski jumper ( apart from america 's bronko the stygimoloch ) , even the girl of my dreams lillian the albertosaur . yet this was n't in the \" spirit \" of the games that peter had told us about ( not that i get what a ghost had to do with winter , sports , or when you combine the two together ! ? ! ) peter told us the games were about friendly competition . telling boom and rang this , they both chuckled . \" man you really will believe anything people tell you , \" rang told me . \" though not to worry , mate . it 's one of the reasons we like you ! \" they thought the point of the games was to beat everyone else , period ! which i did n't think was all that nice . i tried to rain on their parade a bit . \" well you know that canada is the favourite at these games right ? \" \" oh , \" boom started , finished by rang . \" yeah ? \" \" that 's what my coach peter said ! \" i stated proudly . both looked at me a moment expecting me to crack a punchline or something . when i did n't both started to laugh , again ! \" traumador , \" rang laughed . \" traumador , \" boom said , finishing the classic line of \" traumador , traumador \" i was used to getting when wrong . \" that coach of yours needs to do a bit of reading , mate , \" rang stated . \" why ? \" i asked cautiously , suspecting i was about to walk into some sort of mental trap . boom answered . \" cause he 's thinking about the human winter games . \" rang jumped in to finish the thought . \" if he 'd looked up where australia was back in the cretaceous compared to canada , he 'd know aussie would be the fav . \" boom looking at me challenged . \" but i reckon you already know what we mean . \" \" oh man , \" i thought out loud realizing what they meant . peter had been so busy planning the games , he had just grabbed what he knew about the human winter games and applied them to our dinosaur competition . the leaellynasauras were right . back in their native time period of the cretaceous 106 million years ago their homeland of a ustralia was one step short of the antarctic circle . meaning they were among the closest to winter dinosaurs we know of . canada during my time 65 million years while about as north as it is now ( though a bit further west globally speaking ) , i was n't from the north end of it . meaning i was not from as cold a place , and that these two would far better adapted to these winter conditions . that was going to make the games a bit more interesting . peter was acting like team canada was a shoe in to win . now we had at least one major competitor . which was fine by me , except i got the feeling that canada needed to win a bit for me to get all my money back from these OH- lympics ! not that my money would be the issue today . no , today 's problem was a lot bigger , at least in person ... . it seems like everything is bigger at the OH- lympics , and the post office did n't want to get left out of that . their new OH- lypmic edition mail box was huge ! which was cool to look at . however it was impossible for me to put my mail into ! boom and rang taking at look at it were very excited . \" crikey ! \" rang said . boom finished . \" that 's what i call a post box ! \" \" a ' post box ' ? \" i exclaimed . \" its more like a giant uh , ... box ... box . how do i get my mail in there ? \" \" it is simple , \" boom boasted . i looked at the two of them like they were nuts . \" watch and learn my theropod friend , \" rang informed me . \" this is how you drop off the mail . \" grabbing my letters from me , the two tiny ornithopods suddenly starting bouncing up the mail box . before i knew it my letters were up at the top and in the box . boom and rang made it look easy ... if you were a tiny reptilian ninja gymnasts ! returning to the ground rang complained . \" you do n't have anymore mail for us ? \" boom added . \" yeah that was fun ! \" this was the last time i was listening to peter . team canada was in SO much trouble ! team australia 's dynamic duo alone just conquered a mail box none of the rest of us could have touched ( well the top of of ... except maybe the spinosaur , but he 'd have had to be on tip toes ) . despite all that , it was fun hanging out with boom and rang . i just was n't looking forward to competing against them . which was coming up soon ! [ Production Note : Our apologies to a number of people of flickr . We have \" borrowed \" all the pictures with a ski jump in this post from various people on flickr . However due to the installation of some new software on our PIP computer , the bookmarks for these were all lost . lillian was a bit more than nervous about this ski jumping of peter 's . so like any good ( wannabe ) boyfriend i accompanied her up to the top of the tower to look down the ramp she 'd be zooming down in under an hour ... . to say it was scary would be understating it , people of the innerweb . it was downright terrifying , and i was n't even the one having to go down it . lillian in proper tyrannosaurian fashion acted like she was n't afraid . \" this is n't much higher than a coulee in the badlands . \" she weakly dismissed . only i could see through her lie , being a tyrannosaur myself . her mouth was slightly a gap , a tell tale signs all was not well with her . i decided to leave it though . in my experience most tyrannosaurids ( apart from me ) can get very testy when you question their bravery and other such nonsense . in my experience if you 're scared , its best to just let it out . otherwise you 'll do silly things later anyway ( at least if you 're me again ) . i wished lillian good luck as the other competitors started to show up . it was time for me to head to the back of the tower as a non - jumper . lillian did n't respond to me , and just kept starring down the ramp before us . i did n't blame her for the rudeness this time . i 'd be pretty wrapped up in the moment if i was in her claws . however i was about head up to the observation deck , lillian turned and called after me . \" thank you for coming up with me traumador . the company was very nice before ... well you know . \" as much as i stood to lose from these OH- lympics , one bright side of the whole affair was starting to emerge . i was starting to make considerable gains with the girl of my dreams ... . taking my seat waiting for the event to start , suddenly a number of TVs set up on the ski jump turned on . a rather catchy jingle starting playing as a very familiar voice began to speak . Welcome ladies and gentlemen to a special public access cable , channel 299.5 , presentation . Tonight we bring you the debut of a sporting event of geologic proportions ... the first ever Dinosaur Winter Games ! ! ! Indeed , as today all our Prehistoric teams are only allowed to field only one athlete to compete in the Ski Jump . Though rest assured folks , we have plenty of team sports coming up later in the games ! We now go live to the ski jump , where Rang is about to make the first jump of the day ... . we all held our breath , as the little aussie dinosaur confidently , and frankly bravely pushed himself down the ramp . if i had to guess i 'd say he was completely unphased by the prospect of shooting down the giant tower at break neck speeds , flying off high in the air , and soaring across hundreds of meters ! What a beautiful jump ! You sound surprised Gus . I am actually . I figured this would just be a joke that played out as a horror show . Ahem ! I mean I was expecting more ... suspense than this . HAHAHA yes . Back to our Australian jumper . Based on all the ski jumping I 've ever seen I 'd say Rang is doing quite well . Wo n't you agree ? ? ? Absolutely . He is showing excellent flying position . I believe in ski jumping they call it form . Exactly what fantastic form our little friend from down under is showing ! What would you place Australia 's chances at Peter ? We 're not expecting the Aussie 's to be the strongest contender in many of these events . With the ski jump in particular I believe the Australian coach has made the mistake of picking one of her lightest team members . A number of the coaches opted for their biggest and heaviest Dinosaurs , as they should be propelled faster and further . The grace and agility we 're seeing in the air wo n't be a factor then you do n't think ? Of course n .. Rang finally came to the ground , way near the bottom of the hill ... . One hundred metres ? ! ? As I was saying before Gus , I totally believed that Rang 's grace and ability ... . Agility ! Yes agility were going to be key factors in a successful jump ! Right ... . Anyways what was your expert opinion on that jump Gus ? Expert ? Well having watched the odd round of ski jumping in the past , I 'd say for a first jump , 100 metres is pretty good ! It sets the bar high , and shows that Australia may just be a contender in these winter games after all ! That remains to be seen , Gus . As several teams coming up have fielded their true heavy weights into the competition . If Rang weighing in at a mere 10 kilograms can jump 100 metres , let 's see how far a multi ton beast can go ! ! ! Next up we have your very own team Canada 's Lillian about to make the jump . You mean all of Canada 's do n't you . No I mean it is your team . Is n't it . Let 's she how she does . the moment of truth came , as lillian braced herself for launch . i could barely watch as she pushed off and propelled down the ramp ! within a matter of seconds lillian was sky bound ! you know for a mutant multi ton relative of a bird , lillian was doing pretty good at showing her lineage to avians ... you know without the feathers , or flapping , or properly flying . There can not possibly have been a more intimidating ... errr I mean spectacular sight ever seen coming down a ski jump hill . A Tyrannosaurus Rex ... . Albertosaurus Gus . An Albertosaurus . Oh and she is about to make her landing ! How far will team Canada make it with Lillian 's 2 ton bulk propelling her . What an upset ! Despite her considerable weight advantage , Lillian comes in at only 67 metres ! Putting Team Canada in second on only jump number 2 ! That ca n't be ... What 's that Peter ? I could have sworn she 'd be a clincher being so heavy , and ... Oh I 'm sorry . Like I was saying Gus , that ca n't be the start that Team Canada was looking for here in the first game . We next come to Team China , who are clearly going to want to get ahead of at least Team Canada with Lillian 's considerably shorter jump than Team Australia 's Rang . Indeed Gus . Now the Chinese coach has opted for a different tactic of ski jumper than the other big weight teams such as Canada and Gondwana . Despite having the choice of two potentially large jumpers , China has opted for their most compact big Dinosaur Lao - Gui Meng the Pinacosaur . The theory being that a more condensed heavy animal will be propelled that much further . An interesting strategy . Well it wo n't take too much , apart from a good jump , to probably out do Canada 's 67 metres . Though to catch up to current front runner Australia 's 100 might prove a bit more difficult . Well we 're about to find out , as Lao - Gui takes to the air ! An excellent start to the jump too ... . You know I was wrong about Lillian 's jump . What we are now watching now has to be the most unique ski jump EVER ! Indeed who would have guessed something so bulky as an armoured Dinosaur would look so graceful in the air ? For those who were wondering Lao - Gui name in Chinese means Ancient Turtle . I was n't Gus , but I guess after today no one will be able to say Loud Gway is an old fart after today . Actually Peter , in her native China the turtle is seen a being of great wisdom and patience . So I do n't think the name would carry the same demeaning nature it does here in North America . That and you said her name wro ... So like I said I do n't think anyone will make fun of our flying turtle again . Oh no ! but what a short lived time in the air ! Landing at the mere 1 metre mark ! It would appear China 's plan on using its most compact heavy weight has completely backfired ! As Lao - Gui lands within a moment of taking off . What a shame for Team China , who now take third . Sadly a very easy to out do third though Peter . Indeed Gus , and I think the Americans are keen to seize it too ! Team America has opted for a light weight jumper much like Australia . Yes only this one has a heavy something or other . Starting with a k ? That would be head , Gus . It says head . Look dude , you 're hand writing is n't that good . The American jumper , Bronko the Stygimoloch , weighing in at about twice the weight of Rang may present Australia with their real first challenge to their first place jump . Only unlike the truly light weight Leaellynasauras , Bronko 's head is made of dense armoured bone . Possibly giving him a little more propolution , and the edge to victory . Or we might see a combination of both Rang and Lao - Gui 's jumps . How would that work ? The best and the worst jumps put together , what we 'd get the medium jump ? Hey do n't look at me . This commentator thing is hard . I just said it is it seemed a natural connection . Well we 'll find out if this is the unlikely combination Gus predicts , or if the Americans are about to make Dinosaur Olympic history ! I did n't predict ... . Shhhhh Bronko is taking off ! And a good take off so far . Bronko is making this look easy . Even more so than Rang from Australia did . Indeed , perfect form up there . However I ca n't help but notice Bronko is holding his head very oddly . I see what you mean Gus . It would appear our Pachycephalosaur is using his very heavy head to steer to a greater degree than our previous jumpers . Oh and it looks like it is going to pay off for our hard headed American jumper ! Bronko still has n't touched down as he passes the 70 metre mark ... now the 80 ! ... Oh my the 90 ... and Bronko will come down on the 96 metre mark ! A mere 4 metres from first place ! ! ! That must be real frustrating to Team American . Yet to jump into second place , that is n't too bad . Indeed , putting our standings currently at Australia in first , America in second , Canada in third , and China in fourth . However our last jumper of the day from Team Gondwana could very well change all this . That 's right Gus , as Team Gondwana is taking heavy weight ski jumping to its extreme ! Both Team China and Team Canada fielded Dinosaur jumpers who weighed a \" mere \" 2 tons . Gondwana 's Sansom the Spinosaur comes in at a whopping 8 tons ! Meaning we 'll really get to see if there is anything in sending such huge jumpers down our hill today ! Indeed Peter . So far we 've seen that the lighter and more agile jumpers have had the most like in gliding down the hill . Our heavy weights however have both had different problems . In the case of China it was too much weight and their jumper simply fell out of the air right away . Canada on the other hand had a descent jump , but that weight just did n't propell their jumper enough to beat the light weights from gliding past . However if a 2 ton Albertosaur can shot 67 metres , will a 8 ton Spinosaur go that much further ? We are about to find out , as here goes Sansom ! Nice form in the initial take off . I do n't know , Gus , based on the speed and air this massive theropod has so far , I 'm thinking Australia and America could be in trouble . I 'm agreeing Peter . Though Sansom is n't gliding gracefully , his weight is carrying him like a cannon ball . I think his target is gold too ! Sansom is coming down the finally stage of the hill , but he is looking really out of control ladies and gentlemen ! This is going to be close folks ! Currently he has just passed the 90 metre mark , meaning if he can land this Sansom will clinch victory for Team Gondwana ... . OH NO ! OH NO ! Sansom has landed in the audience ... Thank goodness I required those release forms with ever ticket ! Oh this is terrible . Not only does Team Gondwana come in last for not landing , but now its jumper and many spectaters could be seriously hurt ... We 're getting reports that Sansom , apart from a hurt ego , has managed to pick himself up and is okay . How s that Peter ? It appears uh ... several patrons broke his fall . Yuck ! Indeed Gus . Well there you have it . Team Australia wins the event , the United States comes in second , and Canada comes in third . So be sure to tune in later this week as our coverage of the first ever Dinosaur Winter games continues ! In the meantime I have some free tickets to give out to some mad squished people ! wait are those people going to be mad at me for funding the OH - lympics ? peter has now repeatedly assured me no one was permenantly squished from having the full grown bull spinosaur land on them . does that mean they were temporarily squished then ? how can you be temporarliy squished ? a rather lovely original skull of a champsosaur , the \" crocodile lizard \" which is the perfect name for this critter . despite its crocodilian appearance , champsosaurs were a type of lizard like reptile that independantly reentered the water and evolved very similar characteristics to crocs . a perfect example of convergent evolution , where two animals living the same life style tend to evolve similar ( but yet subtley different ) means of living that same life . "}
{"url": "https://redsilvia.wordpress.com/2012/10/09/more-chocolate-please/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148558.5/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00195-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Pages . One dough 3 kinds of cakes , sound good ? I know that most of us want a cupcake recipe that we can use it time and time again ( in every occasion too ) . After reading this recipe , you can see , it a plain pound cake in a cup , easy and straightforward . The decoration is up to you but using melted chocolate is easy ( plus if you use a good quality , your cupcakes will be more delicious ) . Heat the oven to 180 \u00b0 C . Cream the butter and sugar together ; then beat in the eggs and flour . Divide the mix into 2 and add the cocoa to one half and the vanilla to the other . Add a drop of milk to the chocolate mix if it is too stiff . Spoon into 6 muffin tins lined with paper cases , making some chocolate , some vanilla and some marble . Bake for 25 - 30 minutes ( 8 minutes for mini cupcakes ) . Dip the vanilla cakes in dark chocolate and the chocolate ones in white chocolate or drizzle the chocolate over the cup cake ( it 's your cake do whatever you want ) . I give up writing about this book ; I have to admit that I like it so much that I do n't know what to write . There is a lot of information , recipes , and story , all of them are great not because it 's a big and heavy book , but the author has a real passion for his food , his Italian food . Giorgio Locatelli is very good at story telling . He came from the family that food is the center of life from morning ' til night , so he has greatest love for the food . Its taste is good so it begins made in this way ) . The same as many Italian cookbooks , they tell you to respect your food ( when kill the pig , they do n't waste any parts of it ) . We have to accept the fact of life that the food that we eat is not from the factory or the supermaket . They come from nature , now we know the pork or chicken by the part , not the animal , as he told that his children think he is cruel to kill the crab for dinner , that make him feel bad . For the recipes , they come with a tip to make them better , and there are a lot of recipes too ( whatever you want from the antipasti to dolci ) . I love the recipe that has a story , and this book is full of the story . And the pictures , both old and new are great , it 's like you come in to his life and his memory . I do n't have more to say , but I hope that if you have a chance to read this book in the bookstore , just open it and read some chapter , you may love it as I do . I had a problem with vanilla flavor a long time ago , I did n't like the imitation vanilla , and most of the bakery in . Thailand use imitation than the real thing , and it is common for other people but not for me . So after I started baking , I want to have the pure vanilla extract to use in my cake , but it 's hard to find in Thailand , and I did n't want to wait for any people to go aboard and buy it for me . I search for making the extract at home ( I really want to grow it at home , so I get the bean and making the extract but it 's not easy , vanilla bean need a lot of work , you can read about it here ) . Finally I come across this article : How to make the vanilla extract from ................... Joachim . I started from that time and it 's great . I know that if you 're live in the country that you can easily find the good one you may turn away from this but I find the home made extract 's fragrance is very sweet , and you can use more vanilla pod to get better extract . The key is your vanilla pod , a fresh and sweet fragrance one will make the extract come out great ( if you live in . Thailand , you can buy the vanilla pods from Central food hall , it come in a tin can in the spice section ) . The extract that you start today can be useable in 3 month ( if you do n't use any commercial extract ) . After you get your extract , it 's keep indefinitely . Put the vanilla bean in a glass bottle and pour the vodka in . Put the cap on and keep the bottle in a cool dark place , shake it from time to time ( or when you remember ) . The extract that you start today can be useable in 3 month or 6 weeks if using the commercial extract . Even the name of the book promise big bread , it 's not the same \" big \" as we know . I found that the recipe is the same quantity as other book , 300 g of the flour , but when baking in a small oven this is the big bread that can be bake easily in the oven . She offers us 3 kinds of bread , simple , rich and natural . Simple is the country style bread like Foccacia ( simple , with topping and with filling ) English muffin ( using hot plate ) bread using oven toaster and fry pan ( with curry recipe ) . Rich is the bread with egg more fat and sweeter flavor like dried fruit bread , party bread ( bread with seed ) , ham and cheese bread , braids bread and fried bread . The last one natural is the bread that uses whole wheat flour , fruit and nut . Like most of Japanese cookbook , the first part of every chapter is an illustration of how to make the bread from beginning to finish . There is a lot of illustration in each kind of breads , which is very good because each of them need different preparation . The bread 's picture look delicious and it give you how to make a meal from the bread that you make , like serve as breakfast or snack . This book has a word kantan ( that mean easy ) on the cover so it 's good for the beginner or anyone who like to make simple bread . For this ham and cheese bread , I adapt the recipe a little bit to suite all my family taste and I hope you will like it too . I do n't think that the book make a big bread as it said because I have to double the recipe of this delicious bread or it 's not enough . Put half of the flour and yeast in a bowl , whisk to combine , add the sugar and salt whisk again . Pour the egg and milk mixture into the bowl , use large spoon to mix everything together . Put all the remaining flour in , and knead briefly to bring all the ingredients together . Take the dough out of the bowl and knead , you will see the dough will be elastic after about 5 minutes , add the butter at that time , knead for another 5 minutes or until the dough is soft and pliable . Put the dough into a light buttered bowl . Let the dough rise in a warm place until double in size ( can be 1 hour or 1 hour and a half check often depend on the temperature ) . Line a baking paper in the pan and set aside . Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface . Roll out the dough to a rectangle . Scatter ham and cheddar cheese all over the dough and roll the dough toward you starting at the top , gently pressing as you go to form a tight log . Cut the dough into 6 pieces , then place the dough , cut side down in the prepared pan . The fact is when I tried this recipe for the first time , I burned all the tart shell and I said \" I do n't do this again \" . The original version comes in bite size , very cute , only 1 inch in diameter . I started by following the recipe and after put the little shell in the oven ; I pushed the timer button and waited by reading the book , I believe that when the timer rang , I would get a beautiful tart from the oven . After 15 minutes , my oven filled with smoke and the golden tart turn to be black , not all but half of it . I had a kitchen disaster again . When the tart came out of the oven it 's fill the room with the almond perfume and the taster like it , I thought I had to give it another try . This time I change the size of the tart , bite size may be cute , but it 's a bit frustrated ( for me ) , bigger pan is in need now . For the filling , I need a lot of sweet perfume so I add a vanilla extract , and double the portion and roll the tart dough thinner , as the shell is a lot and make the tart tasted like almond biscuit . And the biggest part the baking time , I use the same time as the book suggest for the small tart . Now , I have a lovely almond tart that I can show the world , and hope you enjoy it as well . ( I do n't like to talk about other people 's faults so I do n't want to tell you the name of the book but for everyone 's note this book is printed in Thai language . ) I know it 's not Valentine 's Day yet but I received a lovely chocolate hamper from my Dearest , I do n't know what he think but I love it anyway . Chocolate is a comfort food for me , I like real chocolate with the high percentage of cocoa mass and it 's good to see it can be found more easily almost in any supermarket . Let me talk about the item in the hamper . First : Mr. M&M . Lovely and Always smiling , both of them promise not to melt in your hand . Not that I want to change the theme of the blog , but everyone need a special delicious day include my dear Lady . I want to share this recipe for anyone who has a friend like Lady ; you may want to do something special for him or her too . I got this recipe from .................. and I know that .......... is like me , he love his friends so much that he developed this recipe for them . I have a bone cutter box set so I cut the biscuit into the bone shape that she can hold while enjoy the biscuit but you can cut into any shape . When ever I go out with my sister ( our shopping time ) , we will have the Frappuccino , my sister love Caramel Frappuccino Blended Coffee with whipped cream but I like Espresso . Iced coffee for a hot day is great , and I like the time when we drink it while watching all the people around us , talking and do n't have to care about the time . But I found that my sister love for caramel and whipped cream is very much ( she always finish the cream before drinking the coffee ! ) So , I want to make this one to surprise her . May be I have to give up , but I 'm not that kind of girl , I want to make it and I want a delicious one . I finally came up with this recipe , not the one that taste like Starbuck 's but delicious too . Put the whipping cream and 1 tbsp of water in a microwave proof measuring cup , over with plastic wrap , heat in the microwave for 30 second and set aside . Pour the sugar and 1 tbsp water in a big ceramic bowl , over with plastic wrap , heat in the microwave for 3 - 4 minutes ( for mine , 3.20 minutes is the right time ) . Second beat the whipping cream . Put the whipping cream and 1 tbsp sugar in a bowl beat until hold a stiff peaks . Put the whipped cream in pastry bag with star nozzle for decorating and put it in the fridge while you make the coffee . Third make the coffee shake . Pour the 2tbsp of hot water over the instant coffee , mix in the condensed milk and milk , set aside . Put the ice in bowl of the blender , pour 4 tbsp of caramel cream over the ice and follow by the coffee mixture . Blend until the ice is distributed , then pour the mixture into 2 glasses . Now decorate . Squeeze the whipped cream over the coffee and use the remaining caramel cream drizzle over the top . In the bowl of a standing mixer , mix the water , yeast , honey , butter , and salt with a spatula mix in the rye flour , wheat germ , and 1 cup each of the whole - wheat and all - purpose flours . Add the remaining whole - wheat and all- purpose flours , attach the dough hook , and knead at low speed until the dough is smooth and elastic , about 8 minutes . Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface . Knead just long enough to make sure that the dough is soft and smooth , about 30 seconds . Note on hand kneading : Mixing the water , yeast , honey , butter , salt , rye flour , and wheat germ in a large mixing bowl . Mix 2\u00be cups of the whole- wheat flour and the all - purpose flour in a separate bowl , reserving \u00bc cup of the whole - wheat flour . Add 4 cups of the flour mixture to the wet ingredients ; beat with a wooden spoon 5 minutes . Beat in another 1 \u00bd cups of the flour mixture to make a thick dough . Turn the dough onto a work surface that has been sprinkled with some of the reserved flour . Knead , adding only as much of the remaining flour as necessary to form a soft , elastic dough , about 5 minutes . Continue with step 3 . Place the dough in a very lightly oiled large bowl ; cover with plastic wrap . Let rise in a warm , draft - free area until the dough has doubled in volume , about 1 hour . Heat the oven to 375 F degrees . Gently press down the dough and divide into two equal pieces . Gently press each piece into a rectangle , about 1 inch thick and no longer than 9 inches . With a long side of the dough facing you , roll the dough firmly into a cylinder , pressing down to make sure that the dough sticks to itself . Turn the dough seam - side up and pinch it closed . Place each cylinder of dough in a greased 9 by 5-inch loaf pan , seam - side down and pressing the dough gently so it touches all four sides of the pan . Cover the shaped dough ; let rise until almost doubled in volume , to 30 minutes . Bake until an instant thermometer inserted at an angle from the shot end just above the pan rim reads 205 F degrees , 35 to 45 minutes . Transfer the bread immediately from the baking pans to wire racks ; cool to room temperature . New Year comes and I 'm still cooking and baking as always . Many people have new goals , included me . I want to bake and cook something new , something I never did before . I want to read more ; there are so many books in my shelf that never be touched . I want my blog to have more variety . After all the party gone , I sit in my room , reading and searching for what to do , make , bake or cook . In fact , I 'm always excited for all the thing that I make in the kitchen , a cake , a cookies , bread or etc . I have an imagination about what they will look or taste like , hope and prayer that all the new recipe will turn out to be god send ( I know not everyone has this crazy thought like me ) . So , I start with something that I usually buy from the bakery ( it 's not hard to make but just ca n't help bring it home after see this cute bread ) . Melon Bread or Melon - pan is a sweet little bread that has a soft bread and biscuit crust , good contrast , you can enjoy it in the morning or for a coffee break , this one wo n't disappointed , I promise . Put half of the flour and yeast in a bowl , whisk to combine , add the sugar and salt whisk again . Pour the egg yolk and milk into the bowl , use large spoon to mix everything together . Put all the remaining flour in , and knead briefly to bring all the ingredients together . Take the dough out of the bowl and knead , you will see the dough will be elastic after about 5 minutes , add the butter at that time , knead for another 5 minutes or until the dough is soft and pliable . Put the dough into a light buttered bowl . Let the dough rise in a warm place until double in size ( can be 1 hour or 1 hour and a half check often depend on the temperature ) . Meanwhile make the cookie , sift flour , baking powder and salt together and set aside . Beat the butter and sugar together until light and pale , add egg , and beat to combine . Then add the flour mixture and fold together . Roll the dough into a cylinder shape , and cover with plastic , put in the fridge for 25 minutes . Take the dough out of the bowl and cut the dough into eight pieces , roll into a ball and let them rest for 10 minutes . Take the cookie dough out of the fridge and cut into eight pieces . Roll each one of the cookie dough into a thin circle large enough to cover the top of the bread dough . Cover the bread dough with the cookie dough . Dip the top of the bread in to the sugar bowl and mark the top of the bread by using the back of the knife . Sweet and lovely perfume of morning bread can lighten up any day , and cheese morning bread is hard to resist . This Cheese Kuchen recipe is from .............. As I made the CRUMB BUNS before this is the same dough . The cheese filling is rich and a bit tangy so contrast to the sweet and crunchy almond topping , and so good to have in the lazy morning . Remove the dough from the refrigerator 1 to 1\u00bd hours before shaping . Generously butter a 9-inch square pan and set aside . On a lightly floured work surface , gently knead the dough six to eight times , and shape it into a square . With lightly floured hands , press the dough into the prepared pan stretching it to completely cover the bottom . Push the dough against the side of the pan , forcing it up to form a wall about \u00be inch high and \u00bc inch thick . Be sure to press the dough well into the crease of the pan . If the dough becomes too elastic , let it rest for a few minutes . Pierce the dough ten to twelve times with a fork . Cover the pan and let it rise in a warm place for 25 to 30 minutes , or until puffy but not doubled . While the dough is rising , prepare the cheese filling . In a medium bowl , mix the cream cheese until no lumps remain . Gradually blend in the sugar , mixing until smooth . Stir in the egg yolk , then blend in the flour , sour cream , lemon juice , lemon zest , and vanilla , Stir in the raisins . Position the rack in the lower third of the oven . Heat the oven to 350 \u00b0 F . . When the dough is puffy , gently drop spoonfuls of the cheese filling over the top of the dough , leaving a 1-inch border of dough around the edge . Do not press on the dough . Using a small offset spatula , gently smooth the filling across the top . Combine the almonds , sugar , and cinnamon and sprinkle the mixture evenly over the cheese filling . Place the pan on a sheet of aluminum foil and wrap it up the side of the pan to catch any leakage . Bake the kuchen for 35 to 40 minutes , or until the top is golden brown . Transfer to a cooling rack for 30 minutes . I made this recipe very often , as we eat sashimi at home every week ( my brother really like it ) . I made kimchi for a family party , this time ( as I told you in Happy New Year ! 2008 , that I will post a recipe ) this is the first one . This kimchi recipe is not the traditional one , but easy , does n't take a lot of time and delicious . It 's good for accompany Korean barbecues too , after making it , put it in a jar and put in the fridge and you can have a delicious kimchi on hand for 1 month . Put the cabbage in large bowl sprinkle with 3 tbsp of salt and let stand for 30 minutes . Rinsed in cold water , and then drained and squeeze to take the water out of the cabbage . Cut into pieces ( about 5 cm ) and put in a clean bowl with carrot , spring onion and white radish . Put red chilli , ginger , garlic , sugar , 2 tbsp of salt , chilli sauce and paprika powder in a food processor and process until homogenized . Pour the sauce on cabbage , carrot , spring onion and white radish . Use large spoon to distribute the sauce adjust the flavor with lemon juice . Put the kimchi in clean jar and place in the fridge for 24 hours before use . Hello , just want to say \" HAPPY NEW YEAR \" to everyone , wish you joy and delicious year . Last night , I had a little party in my family , Japanese theme , with a lot of sashimi ( tuna , salmon and mackerel in vinegar ) , salad ( with sesame dressing ) tofu with soy dressing and kimchi . And for this week , I will post the recipe that I use for my party , so everyone can have a healthy party too . "}
{"url": "https://www.behance.net/gallery/The-Dead-Words/4250043", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701156627.12/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193916-00236-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "I envision this closing as the firm shutting of one of those grand old dark wood palace doors , like the kind you find on maharajah 's fortresses in India . Solid wood and metal . Beautifully ornamented with large brass studs so that elephants ca n't batter them down . You imagine beauty behind them , but you ca n't see , for there are now windows . No getting around them . No getting through them . Not this time . Solid . Shut . Locked . At the time , it was so hard being pregnant and dealing with all of it . I wanted to drink myself into a stupor . To dip into the Valium bowl to get some distance , some rest . But Jordan 's arrival so soon after saved us . I wo n't be so dramatic as to say he saved our lives ... but something like that . Chronologically , though , let me tip toe through my year , before shutting it firmly . We found out I was pregnant last December , and January , February , and March were full of excitement , nausea , hysteria , fretting about not - dead - dwarf babies , fatness , selling Nick 's place , and probably a number of other things . In retrospect , in comparison , they seems so small and silly , you know ? Then in April , my dad had heart problems , and wound up in the hospital . And got out several days later , took all that new heart medication that they 'd given him , and wound up back in the hospital almost dead . Yesterday , snowy , slushy , icy yesterday , Big J had his four - month checkup . Which went really well . And confirmed that he is ginormous . My office was closed due to snow . Which was lucky , because Betty was snowed in at her house . And Jordan ca n't yet fix himself lunch . It took us forevvvvver to get to the appointment . Quite frankly , I generally hate snow , in the same way that I hate all inclement weather . I try to keep it to myself , because everyone is always , oh , so beautiful ! Lalalala ! Snowmen ! Unicorns ! Happiness ! And I am all grrr , fuck , cold , wet , grr . The only way I like snow is when I can look at it through the windows . And can poke my nose outside , enjoy it for a few moments , and then come back in and get all toasty . So yesterday . My car was firmly stuck in a snow bank . So I hauled my big boy in his stroller a mile and a half over way too many unshoveled sidewalks . I do n't know if you have any idea how hard it is to get a stroller down iced - over sidewalks and through half - frozen half - slushy piles of snow . I certainly did n't . The answer is : Very . I wound up pulling the stroller much of the way , rather than pushing . Also , when the sidewalk was pure ice , it slid and I slid and it was all very terrible . It was incredibly bumpy , and initially Jordan had this alarmed look on his face , and at a couple points he was trying unsuccessfully to hold on for dear life . If only he had more arm and hand control ! If only ! But then remarkably enough , he just went ahead and went to sleep , despite my string of profanity , despite the occasional perilous angling of the stroller . So , on the bright side , this experience was such a good reminder that people are kind . At least 10 different people helped me when I was stuck trying to get over a particularly huge pile at a curb . I was incredibly grateful . They were all men , except one . This surprised me , if only because I would assume women would be more sympathetic . At one point , I was struggling to get over a big snow hump and cross a street , and just at the crest of the snow pile , a woman stopped me to ask me for directions to the metro . I was thinking , seriously , me ? The woman gasping for breath , hair in face , tugging a load of baby on pointless wheels through a mound of snow ? Are you fucking kidding me ? So , huffing and puffing and pulling and sweating , I pointed her and her male companion in the right direction , while breathlessly giving them instructions . She thanked me and turned to go . At which point the guy she was with asked if I needed help , took the other end of the stroller , and helped me carry it across the street . I could 've kissed him . I kind of wanted to , just to be spiteful . But then I remembered I 'm married and that kind of thing is Not OK . So instead I beamed at him , thanked him profusely , and trundled off to the next Curb of Death , stroller firmly in hand . I liked all the suggestions . I know one might think , oh , how hard is it to pick basic black boots ? But it 's like finding the perfect little black dress . Very difficult . And holy cow are there a lot of cute black boot options , and really , I do best when faced with , oh , three choices . Not five hundred gajillion . And so , thanks to you , I spent my online time this weekend on various sites - all your ideas - but mainly Zappos because seriously , they have 80 katrillion boots ! Who knew ? I am torn between two pairs . These boots are going to be my Christmas present . And also , the only boots I buy this year . So they are worth some agonizing . I will let you know . And thanks to an Anonymous ( it 's always the Anonymousers , is n't it ? ) I am a little in love with this La Canadienne brand , which of course is much spendier than any shoes I ever buy . But I have never met a Canadian I did n't like . Which means probably I would love the shoes , no ? Also ? Waterproof ! Warm ! Those two words are pretty seductive when you are a person with nothing practical in which to ensconce your feet and then it SNOWS ! And SNOWS AND SNOWS ! And you really want to take your kid out in it , because is there anything cuter than a baby in a bear suit pretending to sled ? OK , so here 's the thing . I have very deliberately not been buying stuff for myself . After the boy was born , I bought a bunch of nursing tops and bras , and recently I 've gotten a couple cute and nursing - friendly sweaters and tops . But other than that , I 've abstained from purchasing clothing or shoes . And random stuff , like lip gloss . Do you know how much lip gloss I own ? Because it 's such a small expense , and an easy way to perk up your day . Small expense until you average one a week . Ridiculous . So I have not been buying anything . Except for cutiecute irresistible outfits for Jordan . But those do n't count . But I find myself with an actual NEED . I need some flat black boots that I can wear with skirts . They have to be comfortable and easy to walk in - and you know me , I mean walk quickquick - but also cute and nice enough for the office . I have muscular calves , and as such , a lot of boots just wo n't fit . So they have to zip , and they have to have decent calf room . I do n't know who all these skinny - winny calved people are that most boot makers cater to , but my friends and I do not seem to be among them . However , they do n't have to fit over jeans , because I will not be wearing them that way . As my old boss said , if you were around for the trend the first time , best not to repeat it . So if any of you have seen or gotten any cute boots lately , I 'd love suggestions . I feel like I repeatedly thank you for the kindness , lovely thoughts , advice . But I do n't think that you can over - appreciate people . So thank you again . Also . I do n't know if you 've ever worn a cute warm magenta sweater dress to work ? One that you wore once out to a party and it was super cute , but once you washed it you were n't sure if maybe it was just a wee bit too short ? Or stuck to your tights too much ? And you thought both of these were maybe true ? But your husband said it was fine , and you really wanted to wear it ? Still with me ? And so to mitigate the possible shortness or possible stick - to - your - assness you decided to wear these nude spandex suck in your everything shorts kinds of things . You know , so that the dress would just hang smoother , the spandex between your dress and tights would encourage gliding rather than clinging . It seems like a good solution . No ? Until you walk into the bathroom and catch a glimpse of yourself in the full - length mirror . Only to discover that there has been more clinging that gliding , and in fact you have two rings of nude - colored spandex peeping below your dress . A little like a parfait , from top to bottom : pink dress , layer of nude spandex , black tights , and knee - high black boots . I just wanted to walk out the door , lock it behind me , get in my car and just keep driving . After I had a huge nap . And a stiff drink or five . Yes , I realize I 'd have gotten pulled over for drunk driving . I did n't really think it through - particularly since I 'd have been drinking and driving on top of Vicodin . But I did n't flee , drink , or drive . So things got better , and then they even got good . More than good . Wonderful . But at the point where they were wonderful , and he was entirely on breast milk , and I was really liking having him nurse , I went back to work . And no matter how much I visualize while pumping , I just ca n't make enough . I sit there all , \" I make huge glasses of milk ! \" I imagine a tall , cool glass of milk overflowing . This helps . But not enough . I also read blogs during the pumping . And sometimes a totally random post will make my milk just gush . Weird , I know . I ca n't explain it . So he is back on formula . Which is fine . Except that whenever I read anything about breastfeeding , I feel like crap . My kid should be exclusively breastfed . Exclusively . For the first six months . You 're practically poisoning your kid , plus being a bad mom , if you supplement . The more I read , the worse I feel . I know this is stupid . He 's well fed , he 's healthy , and he 's happy . But I still feel inadequate . A little piece of my heart breaks off every time I leave in the morning . There could be a trail of heart crumbs between my home and my office . The last couple mornings , instead of falling right back to sleep after eating , he 's been all chit - chatty . Nick does n't usually see much of him at night , so he gets his baby fix before work . And he is hilarious . He talks and beams , shoves his fist in his mouth , pulls it out , and chats some more . My face regularly gets sore from smiling so much . Somehow , I never expected going back to work to be this hard . Not just in terms of the pumping , or the getting milk organized , or the readjusting to an outside schedule , although all of those things have me spinning . But not being with my baby , after such intense time together ? Oh , this tramples me . Days with a baby are long and exhausting . There are a lot of tedious moments . But boy , is there so much fun and sweetness . I do n't think I 've ever had such a sense of purpose . And Wednesday evening I got home after my first day at work , and Jordan was sitting on my mom 's lap . He looked at me very coolly , then turned his head away . I got his attention , and he gave me the same , oh , you , kind of look . And turned his head the other way . My mom was all , \" That 's your pretty mama ! Your mama 's home ! \" He ignored me . He looked up at Betty and beamed . You would n't think a four - month old could hurt your feelings , would you ? It took him a while to warm up to me . And then he got hungry and we were all tight again . If it were n't Betty , I think it would just kill me . Although it aches me not to be there , I love that they have such a good time together . She loves him like crazy , and wow , does he love her right back . Like there are n't enough worky things to do . On top of that , I skulk off to a private room to hook up to a milking machine every few hours . I sit in a cube . So it 's not like I can just close my office door . I have to assemble all my stuff and haul it off to a locked room . I emerge with milk to go in the fridge , milky pump to wash , and the work I 've hauled in there so I am using my time productively . I 've considered just staying in my cube , so I can be at my computer . I sit against a window , so you have to come around a wall and past another cube to get to mine . I briefly considered just putting up a big sign , so people just would n't walk back here . The Quad has disbanded , what with people quitting and moving around . Jenny , thankfully , is still here . And in the Quangle , we have Kay and Maricel , and Fabulous Cake Lady . None of whom would be the least bit bothered . However . There are people who would . And I 'm pretty sure it falls under Things You Should n't Do In Your Cube . Like farting loudly and deliberately or masturbating or playing show tunes at top volume . To name a few off the top of my head . You know how I was having all those production problems with the milk before ? We 're all good now . ( And tomorrow I go back to work and figure out how to maintain . ) It increased - with the help of daily oatmeal and an herbal tea we like to call Boob Tea . So Big J has been an only boob man for quite some time now . It is a weird thing , though , the milk - making . One of the more bizarre things I 've ever experienced is milk squirting straight out into the air from my body . It 's not like peeing , where you can clench and stop it . I tried . Because sometimes Jordan will squawk , and all of a sudden my boobs will be like , \" Hi ! Here ! Have some milk ! Nownownow ! \" Kind of like if you sat down at a restaurant to order and the server immediately flung an appetizer in your direction . But now I really like the nursing . It is such an amazing connection . And it just makes my heart so warm to have my sweet boy all snuggled around me . He settles in and he pats me with his chubby little hand . He 's just so incredibly comfortable . Sometimes I am sitting there all beaming , thinking about how much I love him , and how comfy and happy he seems . He 'll close his eyes and make these \" Mmmmm ! Delicious ! \" noises . I 'm all , oh , he knows I 'm his mother , and he 's feeling so nurtured . He 's so delighted to be all cozied up next to Mama . We 're sharing a moment . And then suddenly he 'll finish eating and open his eyes . He 'll pull his head back , his brow will furrow , and his eyes will get very wide in surprise . And then , then he 'll get this huge smile on his face all , \" Hey ! You 're here too ! This is great ! \" \" I need an opinion from someone who knows what they 're talking about because I 'm new to this whole feminist thing . I have always offered to split the check but I have never had a guy accept it until now . I have been seeing a guy I really like for a few weeks now and he lets me split the check . I 'm almost tempted to say that he expects me to split it . I 'm not sure why but this has really been bothering me . I guess because it seems like he does n't think I 'm worth him impressing me . Does that make me a bad feminist ? \" I 'm flattered that the commenter thinks I 'm someone who knows what they 're talking about , but alas , I do n't actually feel like I am . I mean , I consider myself a feminist , and I believe in equality of pay , of rights , of , well , everything . By the same token , if a guy asks me out , I want him to treat me for the first date . ( Not anymore , I mean , with the whole married thing and all . ) It 's fine to split subsequent ones , although I think much more charming to alternate . But that is me . In the scenario above , I 'd be bothered as well , although I would n't wonder if he was n't trying to impress me . I 'd look at other things , like how he behaved toward me ( calling regularly , being on time , keeping commitments , listening to me , etc ) for that . As for whether it makes you a bad feminist , I would say no . But in questions of feminism , I 'm not the best person to ask . I grew up in such patriarchal societies , in a household where my father was always in charge and always right . I deferred to men , until , well , I am embarrassed to say how old . And men always paid for everything . In other words , I would have to say that I was rather late to feminism as well . So I turn to my extremely bright , articulate , analytical readers . Does wanting to be treated by a man make someone a bad feminist ? What makes a good feminist ? I do n't know if you 've ever been with a man who gets belly button lint ? I blame it on the size of his belly , but Nick contends every man gets it . I do n't know . What I do know is that it 's completely astounding . It 's like he walks around with his own personal Charybdis . I bring this up because of the following . Prior to examining my son 's little hands and feet , the man belly button lint was the only experience I 'd ever had with weird accumulation of body lint . You see Big J 's clenched little fists ? He clenches his toes as well . And it turns out that when you keep your hands and toes all tightly clenched , you accumulate crud in them . And now that he sticks his hands in his mouth , his hand crud is wet crud . He keeps his hands clenched in the bath as well . Prying them open is very difficult , particularly when you are only using one hand . I only get some of it . Clearly I have not yet learned to laser beam them out . Plus I realized the instructions also indicate you should be teaching your kid the \" pull my finger \" trick . It 's all too much to manage at once . So mainly I clean his hand crud while he nurses . He does n't appreciate it , but he 's torn , so torn . Boob ? Defend the hand ? Boob ? Hand ? It makes us a very simian little scenario , I know . His toe lint , though , is kind of fascinating . It correlates perfectly with the color of his socks that day . Yesterday I met up with Tejal to treat her to belated birthday drinks . We went to the bar / restaurant in our building . It 's nice but totally easy comfortable . We treat it as our living room - most likely because we used to spend way too much time there . We arrived at the same time , and complimented each other with \" You look great ! \" s. . To which I responded , \" I wore my new top and put on makeup and perfume for you ! \" And she replied , \" I freshened my makeup and put on heels for you ! \" Not because either of us would judge the other , but because it was a little occasion . And not because we might impress other patrons . I mean , it was 3:30 in the afternoon , the place was nearly empty , and anyway , I had Big J and a diaper bag with me . I started thinking about this later , though . If I were single , would I have dressed differently ? Would I have given thought to men I might meet while we were out ? And on the whole , do I dress for women or men ? I know this is not an original question . Women often contend they dress for other women . Men tend to be sceptical of this . I do n't know that most men would even consider the question for themselves . If any men are reading , I 'd be interested to hear . I think if I 'd given this any thought prior to marriage and baby , I probably would 've said that I dress for other women . I mean , women will notice color and texture and fabulous accessories . Men , on the whole , notice if your ass looks good in those pants . Women compliment you on your shoes . They notice flats just as much as heels . Have you ever been shoe shopping with a man ? And every shoe he suggests has a highhigh heel ? No matter what kind of shoe you 're looking for ? Men are never all , \" What cute ballet flats ! \" But I do n't tend to wear flats . I love the platforms . I love the heels . I contend that this is because I 'm short , and I love the height . But do I also like that men like them ? Sure . So thinking about it , though , I most likely used to dress for men when I went out . I probably still do , as I tend to wear clothing Nick likes when we 're going out . But I have my own mind and my own taste , and I like wearing funky things - things that women tend to like more than men , and when I 'm out and about , I 'm not trying to attract men . I get all teary when I think about it . I snuggle him and think , oh , our time is running out ! Yes , I realize it 's melodramatic . It 's not like I 'm never going to see him again . But these nigh on 16 weeks have flown . In the beginning , time could n't pass fast enough . I felt stuckstuckstuck . With the breastfeeding , which was so hard . With the diaper changing . With the responding to mystery cries . With the endless getting up at night . It felt like torture . I just could n't see a way out except leaving . And I could n't imagine it getting better . And then I got my PPD treated , and things got so much brighter . And I learned that we could actually leave our bedroom , and even the house , and nothing more calamitous than an enormous poo would happen . I even got to the point with breastfeeding where I could do it pretty much anywhere . That Target couch ? Do n't think I have n't been back , and do n't think Big J was n't hungry . And I 'm thankful I stuck it out . I love the closeness , the amazing connection . Which is not to say that I wo n't enjoy having my little boobs back when this is done . And now , now we have such a good time . We go on walks on nice days . We chat . We play . We cuddle . We laugh . Let me be frank : it 's not that it 's never dull . There 's only so much tummy time encouragement and playing with Miss Ellie the blue elephant who makes pretty tinkling sounds when you shake her that an adult can do . But it is pretty gratifying to see how excited the boy gets . And when the weather sucks , and we are aching for entertainment ( read : mama needs some fun ) we take pictures of ourselves . "}
{"url": "http://www.ekklesia.co.uk/tags/5032", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701151880.99/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193911-00019-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Archive for June , 2007 . I originally planned my previous post on the \" art house musical \" Once as a links post , but found myself wanting to write in a little more detail about it ( hence the introductory rant about not being able to see Sicko ) . And if you 're one of my Fayetteville readers , go see the film this week -it 's playing here for one week only . But here are a few videos , blog entries , and articles I 've been planning to mention : . Second , a couple of links from CinemaTech , including a post offering a taxonomy of web video from Dina Kaplan of blip.tv and a discussion of Disney and Pixar 's use of bloggers to market Ratatouille . I think there 's little doubt that this type of marketing will become more common in the near future , as we increasingly encounter what I have come to call \" networked film publics . \" I 'm planning a more detailed post on that term in the next couple of days , but for now , I 'm thinking about it in terms of the ways in which film audiences are increasingly connected via the web . It 's also meant to evoke concepts of film audiences as a kind of alternative public sphere ( as discussed by Miriam Hansen , among many others ) . Karina directed me to the ultimate sequel , Arnie vs. Sly , a humorous , if slightly long mashup of films involving the two action stars . Stick with the video until the ending , which is actually pretty funny . TPM Cafe reports on Hillary Clinton 's plan to release several web videos from the campaign trail . It 's certainly interesting to follow how web video is being used in the2008 election , or perhaps more precisely , how web video is mediating the election . Again , a longer post on this topic may be forthcoming . This weekend marks one year of living in Fayetteville , and while I 'm not really in a stock - taking mood , I 've found myself thinking about moviegoing and place a little this weekend . Sicko still has n't reached Fayetteville and probably wo n't for at least two more weeks , which means I 'll likely be making a trip to Raleigh , maybe tomorrow . I 'll admit that I 'm a little disappointed that a film with such a large built - in audience is n't playing here by now . Fayetteville is a medium - sized city and Moore has proven that he can open films in a big way . Kind of makes me think that Mark Cuban is on to something with day - and - date releasing . I 'm adjusting to living outside of a major cultural center better than I expected , but I also have to think there are better alternatives for providing more access to good , important movies to more people in a timelier fashion . This is n't quite the same thing as Tama 's very useful concept of \" the tyranny of digital distance , \" but belated access to some of the movies I want to watch has been a little frustrating . That being said , if it were n't for Fayetteville 's one art house theater , the Cameo , I 'd probably feel completely lost here . Last night , I did get to watch Once ( IMDB ) , the Irish musical featuring Glenn Hansard and his band the Frames . The two develop a tentative friendship based on their shared status as outsiders who are passionate about music , and they eventually collaborate to record a few tracks at a recording studio . I 'm no fan of musicals and often find the disruption of a narrative by musical numbers annoying , but Once makes the musical performances work . As Robert Wilonsky of The Village Voice writes , \" the magic of the movie is how utterly wrenching it renders these songs , which thrive alongside the film 's simple , eloquent , dusky narrative . \" And , more than anything , that 's what I liked about the film . It 's passionate about music , about how songs can tell stories , communicate emotions , and help us connect with other people . And as both Wilonsky and A.O. Scott speculate , Once is a film I 'll certainly want to watch again ( and for a taste of the music , check out the official website ) . The history of the \" Die Hard \" music video by the \" comic - rock \" band Guyz Nite displays many of the complications posed by the sometimes competing , sometimes overlapping interests of fan culture and the movie studios . The Guyz Nite band members were invited to show up to the film 's premiere , and their video may be included in the DVD for Live Free or Die Hard when it comes out . As Aspan 's article points out , Fox initially sought to protect its intellectual property before recognizing the video 's promotional potential ( the video has now been viewed well over 100,000 times ) . I 've just blogged about the worst movies ever made , which means I should probably pay attention to some of the best films that have ever been made . In response to the American Film Institute 's 10th anniversary list of the 100 Greatest Hollywood films , the Alliance of Women Film Journalists ( AWFJ ) has released their list of the Top 100 movies . I 'll try to write a more detailed post about this topic later , but there are a few things I like about the AWFJ list . First , they list the films alphabetically , avoiding the absurd idea of a single \" greatest \" film of all time . And their annotations describing why they chose to include certain films are well worth reading . Some other interesting choices : . When Harry Met Sally : I do n't like romantic comedies and generally find them painful to watch , but even I have to admit that When Harry Met Sally is one of the best films of its genre . His Girl Friday and Bringing Up Baby : I was shocked that these classic screwball comedies did n't make the AFI list . In HGF , Rosalind Russell 's fast - talking reporter proves to be a brilliant match for an equally fast - talking Cary Grant . Fast Times at Ridgemont High : I believe I mentioned Fast Times in my complaint about the AFI list and still think that it belongs in the conversation because of its influence on two subsequent generations of teen comedies . Update : On a related note , The Shamus also offers the BFG 100 over at the Bad for the Glass blog , 100 films that were n't included on the original AFI list , many of which should have been . Update 2 : Anne Thompson offers her own Top 100 list and links to several others . The film features the trademark hyperkinetic , handheld style common to these films , what I described in my United 93 review as a \" docu - thriller \" style . This docu - thriller style poses certain risks . By appearing to present history as it happens , the docu - thriller becomes an important factor in contributing to the ongoing historical narrative of our post-9/11 moment ( of course , the filmmakers open themselves up to criticism when they inevitably get this history wrong ) . In addition , the filmmakers also open themselves up to criticism for turning important historical events and personal tragedies into consumable entertainment . In fact , given Jolie 's widely publicized humanitarian efforts , it becomes doubly impossible to separate the actress from the performance , to allow Jolie to disappear completely into the role . I do n't think this casting issue necessarily has to be a flaw . Casting can often provide us with a shorthand method for reading and interpreting characters , and Jolie 's \" internationalism \" maps relatively neatly onto Pearl , and her tendency to play independent , strong - willed characters also helps to characterize Pearl . As I have suggested , the docu - thriller genre often has the effect of bringing us too close to the action . Inevitably , Hollywood films about current events will have to make choices about what to include , and these choices quite frequently play up dramatic tension , traditional romance , and other narrative features . In short , the film stops short of being too political . In his previous film , The Road to Guantanamo , a documentary about the experiences of the Tipton Three , Winterbottom courted controversy by using re - enactements to depict scenes of torture in the prison in Guantanamo . However , A Mighty Heart seems less willing to take on the politics of terrorism , instead operating as a serviceable thriller from which we can recover yet another narrative of heroism in the face of danger . It 's also worth pointing out that the film is n't devoid of politics ( which would , of course , be impossible ) . The film is pointedly critical of one Pakistani investigator 's use of torture to elicit information from one of the suspects in the kidnapping . My reaction to A Mighty Heart has been influenced , perhaps unfairly , by Nomani 's Washington Post article on the film . At one point , Nomani describes this new narrativization as \" having people enter my home , rearrange the furniture and reprogram my memory . \" She then criticizes the film for taking the \" easy \" path in its search for \" ordinary heroes . \" I think she 's basically right here . We need new ways of making sense of these events . Update : David Lowery offers a somewhat more generous reading of A Mighty Heart , arguing that the film demonstrates a certain degree of honesty in acknowledging its status as a Hollywood star vehicle . How The Sopranos really ended . Yes , there are about a thousand of these parodies circulating on the web , but this one is actually pretty funny ( featuring Phillip Wilburn and Artemis Pebdani from the Big News comedy ensemble ) . I 've been working on the book all day but will hopefully make it to the theater tonight to see A Mighty Heart ( I have n't been to the theater in at least a week ) . And , yes , I 'm still jealous of all you big city people who got to see Sicko a week before I did . Andrew Semans ' poignant and observant short film , All Day Long , offers a glimpse of teenage romance rarely seen on - screen in most films or TV series made for teens . The film tells the story of two suburban teenagers who skip school to spend the afternoon together . All Day Long is beautifully paced , allowing Alison and Daniel 's story to unfold gradually , and the naturalistic settings quietly underscore the emotional transformations of the film 's central characters . The actors ' performances are also remarkably subtle in their depiction of a familiar , but often forgotten , story from teenage life . I 've had a couple of chances recently to revisit the work of Kurt Cobain and Nirvana . It 's easy to forget , in retrospect , just how different Nirvana seemed when they first came out , especially in the post - alternative rock moment after Nirvana 's music has been endlessly re - packaged . Schnack 's film powerfully captures the lived experience of these spaces , using Cobain 's words to create a compelling essay film about the troubled musician ( I discussed About a Son briefly in one of my Full Frame posts ) . More recently , Via Karina , I came across this amazing video directed by Jem Cohen of Patti Smith 's cover of Nirvana 's \" Smells Like Teen Spirit . \" Cohen , who also directed the Fugazi documentary , Instrument , has become one of my favorite filmmakers . As Karina points out , \" Cohen 's work usually falls somewhere in the cracks between personal documentary and experimental narrative . Often shot handheld on low - gauge film , they 're like punk - rock home movies , always intimate ( even when set largely in cold / industrial spaces , as with Chain ) , but never cloying sentimental . \" The video revisits imagery common to Cohen 's other work , intimately exploring a specific space using a handheld camera , in this case with grainy black - and - white film . And , as I mentioned in my review of Chain , Cohen 's films and videos often capture the hidden details of everyday life - a cat 's whiskers , magazine scattered on an end table , the act of washing dishes - allowing us to see them for the first time . It 's a fantastic video and a great re - interpretation of the Nirvana song ( in fact , listening to Smith performance and seeing the video was like hearing the song afresh and reminded of how much I liked the original ) . I 'm heading out to meet some friends , and I originally just wanted to recommend the Cohen - Smith video , but Karina 's mention of Gus Van Sant 's Last Days ( another film I liked ) reminded of Schnack 's similarly elegiac documentary . Everyone is talking about the American Film Institute 's updated Top 100 list . And I think we can learn something about the institutions of film studies and film appreciation have changed over the last decade as we continue to evaluate our cinematic past . Of course , I 'm also fully aware that these lists will be used as marketing tools to sell DVDs of these films , but there are probably worse ways to spend $ 20 or so here and there . Edward Copeland has the full Top 100 plus the original list and even tracks some of the biggest movers , and over on the Newcritics blog , M.A. Peel has a close analysis of the Top 10 . A few observations about the lists ( and the commentary about the lists ) in no particular order : . Both Copeland and Ms. Peel point out the re - evaluation of Hitchcock 's Vertigo , which climbed from # 61 in the original poll , all the way into the top 10 . It 's not surprising to see several Hitchcock films on the list , but the re - evaluation of certain films is interesting . After teaching North by Northwest for so many years , I 've grown to like it more than Vertigo , but both films certainly belong on the list . One guess as to why Vertigo made such a huge climb : the restored print of Vertigo that was produced in the mid-1990s . Jim Emerson points out that Birth of a Nation completely dropped out of the Top 100 list ( from # 44 ) . Good riddance . Films that endorse the Klan do n't belong on this kind of list , no matter how innovative narratively or technically . I ca n't believe that the film was that highly ranked just ten years ago . Emerson also points out that The Searchers climbed from # 96 all the way to # 12 , which appears to be the biggest leap of any film . On the Waterfront also tumbled pretty far . Could that be related to the renewed attention to Elia Kazan 's HUAC testimony ? Like Emerson , I would have liked seeing Lone Star among the top 100 , but I have to disagree with him about Inland Empire , a film I 've come to like less and less as I get distance from it . If any Lynch film belongs in the Top 100 , it 's probably Mulholland Drive . A few of my favorites are starting to climb into the top 100 . Do the Right Thing finally made the list , albeit at # 96 , and Blade Runner squeezed in at # 97 . I 'm happy to see that Roger Ebert joined in the conversation , praising the list for including Buster Keaton this time around , while criticizing it for omitting Fargo ( Emerson has the same complaint ) . I have to admit that I do n't have strong feelings either way for Fargo . It 's a well - made film , but most Coen brothers films feel a bit like an exercise to me . I 've skimmed the top 100 list several times , and unless I missed something , there 's not a single film directed by a woman listed . That 's probably not a big surprise given that only 4.5 of the 400 finalists were directed by women , but I 'm looking forward to seeing the list complied by the Alliance of Women Film Journalists , which should come out in a few days . This observation is , of course , partially a critique of the tastemakers who make these lists , but I think it also says something about Hollywood 's history of hiring primarily male directors . My list of snubs : The Conversation , His Girl Friday , 25th Hour , Dark City , Groundhog Day ( I think Andy will agree with me on that one ) , and Medium Cool . I 'd consider adding either Richard Linklater 's Dazed and Confused and I 'd substitute Robert Altman 's Short Cuts for Nashville . Update : The Reeler has one of the best responses I 've seen so far to the AFI List , which tend - as this one does - to compile all the usual suspects . I forgot to mention that the list has zero films by Jim Jarmusch , John Cassavetes , or the Coen Brothers . Maybe the Reeler is right - we need a list of \" 100 forgotten films . \" Or something . Here 's what I 've been reading and watching tonight over one last cup of coffee . First , via BoingBoing , yet another political mashup , Presidential Idol . I ca n't decide if this one 's clever or not . The connection between American Idol and the political process has been done before , and most of the clips of the various presidential candidates have been seen before , but I was a little surprised by the ending . Second , via Liz Losh , news that YouTube will be creating web portals in seven different languages . Like her , I 'm ambivalent about English 's dominance on the web , but like her , I 'm also concerned about the effects of this segmentation , wondering whether - or how - that might change what is available on YouTube as it stands right now . On a related note , a discussion in the New York Times of the ongoing difficulties in creating an effective system for distributing movies over the Internet . Most services still only have a few hundred movies available for download , and systems that allow you to create DVD copies remain poor in quality . Of course , there are plenty of films available on the web illegally . But Mike Nizza points to a larger issue related to internet piracy . Apparently PirateBay is on its way to unveiling a YouTube - style streaming site , which would make it even easier to watch pirated movies . Yet another parody of The Sopranos finale ( caught this one on Olbermann ) . Here 's another parody that imagines what would happen if several classic movies ended like The Sopranos . While I 'm blogging , Pharyngula links to \" The Singles Map , \" which shows where excess men ( blue ) and women ( red ) live . Two observations : First , there 's a very odd east - west split with far more women on this side of the Atlantic . Second , there are apparently far more women in Fayetteville than I imagined . Is it possible that soldiers are n't counted in these numbers because they do n't conform to my observations around town . Working on two or three projects at once , which always leaves me scattered . Of course , if you 've been reading my blog for a while , you probably think I 'm always scattered . And you 'd probably be right . But here are some of the highlights of my recent tours around the web : . It 's a fun little homage to the final scene of The Sopranos , a great example of the intersections between politics and popular culture . It even has a cameo Sopranos fans will dig . Karina Longworth discusses the rumors that Michael Moore 's foes may be behind the piracy of his latest film , Sicko . One piece of evidence Jeffrey Wells cites that I find somewhat unconvincing : the file name apparently includes the phrase \" suckourdicks \" ( and apparently a number of readers of the Hollywood Elsewhere blog agree ) . Not that any of this matters . I 'll be the first in line when it comes to Fayetteville in a few days . Carolina Flicks , a blog about film production in North Carolina that I discovered , I believe through Cinema Minima . Not much to add here , but it looks like a nice networking tool for the North Carolina film community . Update 2 : Karina also has a column on the Hillary Soprano video . Like her , I think the video does a fascinating recoding of the Sopranos ending , positioning Hillary as capable and caring ( taking care of Bill ) , but also populist and cool enough to recognize Johnny Sack when he walks past . After hearing about its Iraq War subtext , I went to see the zombie flick 28 Weeks Later ( IMDB ) , the follow - up to Danny Boyle 's 28 Days Later , last night . To be honest , I do n't remember the original film that well . In the sequel , director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo takes the \" rage virus \" concept and translates that into one of the more visceral , if incoherent , critiques of the Iraq War that I 've seen in a mainstream Hollywood film in some time . While the film clearly wants to criticize the occupation of Iraq , it is also caught up in the logical and political limits of the zombie genre . They briefly discuss their children who have been evacuated to safety , I believe somewhere in the U.S. When the attack comes , Don and Alice are separated , with Don running desperately to board a motorboat that takes him to safety and witnessing , he believes , his wife being bitten . Like the first film , many of the attack scenes are depicted using handheld cameras shaking jerkily to mimic the chaotic attacks . As Paul writes , these scenes are so shaky that it often becomes impossible to tell what is happening and who is being attacked . While Paul reads this as a flaw , I 'm inclined to forgive it to some extent as it adds to the overall confusion felt by the survivors and eventually by the U.S. soldiers who come to occupy a chunk of Great Britain . But the main plot of the film - and the allegory for the Iraq War - begins several weeks later when Don is reunited with his children , the teenage Tammy ( Imogen Poots ) and the slightly younger Andy ( Mackintosh Muggleton ) . The family settles into housing in the \" Green Zone , \" the safe area that has been sealed off from the virus while the U.S.-led NATO force works to make the rest of London and , presumably , Great Britain inhabitable again . We are introduced to the Green Zone by a female soldier who eagerly tells the settlers about the amenities they will encounter - running water , electricity , even a pub - which recalls , of course , the lack of that infrastructure in large chunks of Iraq . And here 's where the Iraq War analogies get a little slippery . As Paul points out in his review , the military presence in London is somewhat muted here , and the film generally stops well short of criticizing the soldiers themselves . It 's worth keeping in mind here that the film was produced by Fox Atomic , which is part of the massive media conglomerate News Corps , so to look for an explicitly critical political \" message \" makes little sense . But , once the rage virus is reawakened , the Iraq allegory returns with a vengeance . The film 's politics are perhaps most powerfully illustrated in a scene that evokes the Odessa Steps sequence in Sergei Eisenstein 's Battleship Potemkin ( also see Helen Grace 's essay ) , with the soldiers mowing down a group of civilians as they are fleeing a zombie attack . Ultimately , the film focuses on the protection and rescue of the two children . In this sense , ascribing any specific politics to the film becomes somewhat more difficult . There 's little doubt that the film is critical of the occupation of Iraq , but mapping the current conflict in Iraq onto the pure threat represented by the rage virus offers very little as an interpretation of the U.S. military presence over there . "}
{"url": "http://www.nysenate.gov/blogs/2012/aug/13/success-breeds-success", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701999715.75/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195319-00284-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "From what I 've been reading , which I 'll share with you , I think it 's time to ask ourselves some serious questions : does OOXML really qualify as a standard ? Or is it yet another monopoly - enabler in the guise of a standard ? It 's a good time to ask , because it turns out that we are right now in the window of time where contradictions in the OOXML standard can be reported by member bodies of the ISO / IEC Joint Technical Committee 1 . February 5 is the deadline , so now is the time to bring such to their attention . Some have already found some contradictions , and perhaps you will know of more to add to the list . If so , put them in a comment here or on either of two new page we 've set up on GrokDoc , EOOXML at JTC-1 and EOOXML Objections wiki pages , each a work in progress . You 'll find abundant resources there for further study and consideration . Marbux has also written up an explanation of the ISO process , which I 'll put at the very end . Is the \" fast track \" process even appropriate when there are such questions , and more , in the air ? Is the Ecma process itself flawed , in that it allows , even mandates , conformance with a single vendor 's file formats ? Let me explain what I mean by contradictions and I 'll tell you about my friend 's ex and how he fits in to all this . The Novell - Microsoft Deal : Interoperability for Whom ? First , though , let me address the Novell - Microsoft deal , the part about interoperability . We 've heard much talk about how it will lead to greater interoperability for everyone , specifically with OpenXML ( or OOXML or whatever it 's called this week ) . What 's the matter with the naysayers ? Do n't we appreciate that Microsoft is finally opening up and embracing openness ? This is good for us all in the community , I 've read . I suppose they 'll tell that to the EU Commission too . So that 's the happy talk . But read this , Jeff Jaffe 's Blog . Does it sound to you like Novell plans on sharing on an even playing field ? If Novell is the \" most interoperable \" Linux , how does that work ? Obviously , they do n't plan to share . And in fact , Jaffe goes on to explain Novell 's differentiation strategy , including this relevant slip : . And on the desktop side . XGL graphics . Wobbly windows . 3 dimensional windows . Search . Media players . Plug and play . Interoperability . Almost a never ending list . So , they plan to be the only one in the Linux world that can actually interoperate with Microsoft . How do you think they will achieve that ? By sharing ? On the contrary , they already market themselves as uniquely interoperable , which means they get to interoperate and you do n't , unless you are their paying customer . Competitors in the market need not apply : . Novell is the company which stands at the nexus of both of these key platforms . ( In addition to bringing the NetWare base forward on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server as part of Open Enterprise Server . ) Why is that ? See ? \" Only Novell \" can do this . That is n't interoperability , in the sense that you 'd expect from a standard , is it ? It 's just another Microsoft partner , maintaining the Microsoft unwillingness to share technical information with real competitors , to my eyes . Why would you even need the interoperability work between Novell and Microsoft , if Microsoft planned to offer a standard the whole world could use equally ? Is n't that what a standard is supposed to mean ? Philanderer 's Promises . Now , about my friend 's ex . Did you ever have a friend or relative who married a philandering ladies man ? I did . My friend married one years ago , and I still remember trying to warn her . Guys like that generally leave quite a wake as they put - put through life 's waters , and I had learned about his ways from someone . So I naturally told my good friend . If you 've ever had a similar experience , you know exactly what happened . She told me I was wrong , she did n't believe it , and to mind my own business . And the parts that she could n't deny because there was incontrovertible proof ? He 'd changed . He 'd told her that it was all in the past . Now that he 'd met her , he was a changed man . So they got married , she barely spoke to me for two years , after which she told me that everything I 'd told her had proven true , and they were getting a divorce . How do guys like that do it ? How do they make good - hearted women believe that they will straighten up and fly right and get them to agree to marry them ? Vanity ? Inexperience ? The blinding power of love ? I have no idea , but I observed that creative and convincing half - truths and even lies play a role . He naturally had to hold on to her really hard , because she was thrashing about so much , and the lipstick probably got on his collar then . And if she 's a dope , she 'll believe him . Now , I believe in the regenerative power of love as much as the next guy , but it has always seemed to me that you can predict a guy 's future conduct by prior behavior in 99 % of all cases . Men like Donald Trump or Magic Johnson are more honest about it , but to me that 's not such a bargain either , considering what they might be bringing home . But ethically , it 's certain preferable to just tell the woman up front , that you have no intention of being faithful . That way at least you do n't destroy a trusting heart . Microsoft 's Record . Now , when it comes to Microsoft , I think we can safely say that it too has left quite a wake behind it as it has conducted business . We learned yesterday that the plaintiffs in Comes v. Microsoft , the antitrust trial going on right now in Iowa , believe they have found in discovery evidence that Microsoft has failed to turn over APIs to competitors . Are you surprised ? Microsoft was told to do that in 2002 , in the Final Judgment . It 's now 2007 . Microsoft is still negotiating with the authorities overseeing compliance about when it really , really , really , no more excuses , has to come up with the documentation . If you read the incremental status reports , they are a positive hoot , particularly if you start with 2002 and read them all , one after another . Here 's a fairly recent sample Status Report [ PDF ] : . Plaintiffs are surprised that Microsoft believes the rewrite project will take as long as envisioned . Yes , friends . Lots of happy talk of promises , but very little on the table . Not only did Microsoft get a two - year delay to do a rewrite , now it expresses it may not be able to meet the new deadline either . It seems documentation is very , very hard for Microsoft . Here 's a section from a 2003 status report [ PDF ] : . 2d 76 , 173 , 269 ( D.D.C. 2002 ) . at 226 ; see also United States v. Microsoft , 231 F. Supp . It 's now 2007 . How are they doing with that delayed implementation ? Microsoft still is making qualified promises to deliver , all these years later : . As Microsoft has indicated to the TC , the schedule described above is aggressive and represents a commitment by Microsoft to delivering rewritten documentation of the highest quality as soon as practicable .... . Accordingly , Microsoft will stay in regular contact with the TC and the Plaintiffs regarding the need for adjustments in the schedule and will update the Court with respect to any changes . Who are they kidding , aside from the monitoring folks , that is ? Not me . To me , it 's like lipstick on the collar . Again . I get the distinct impression , looking beyond what Microsoft says and concentrating on what it does , that Microsoft has no intention of sharing APIs to the extent it can help it or postpone it . The EU Commission has been telling Microsoft to do the same thing , share APIs , even fining the company for not complying . The EU decision gave Microsoft 120 days to turn over APIs : . \" Microsoft abused its market power by deliberately restricting interoperability between Windows PCs and non - Microsoft work group servers , and by tying its Windows Media Player ( WMP ) , a product where it faced competition , with its ubiquitous Windows operating system . . . . . That was March of 2004 . Do they have them ? Microsoft 's response at the time , from attorney Brad Smith , as reported by Reuters : . \" Microsoft General Counsel Brad Smith said on Wednesday the European Commission 's decision amounted to a ' compulsory licence ' of the firm 's intellectual property rights within Europe . ' We believe that will infringe our IP rights in Europe and it also violates the international treaty obligations pursuant to its ( the EU 's ) membership of the WTO ( World Trade Organisation ) , ' he told a conference call . And read Microsoft 's objections to the EU Commission 's complaint that documentation Microsoft turned over was useless . Microsoft is \" fully committed to compliance \" , it wrote . But once again , it was somehow unable to turn over documentation that was useful . Here 's what I wrote about the objections : . Reading the Microsoft reply to the criticisms of its documentation makes it obvious what the Trustee , Neil Barrett , was talking about . It seems that there was no way to follow the documentation without reading other books and white papers , not written by Microsoft , and looking up standards protocols elsewhere , etc . and trying to figure it out yourself . On page 2 of Annex 5 , for example , you find out that the documentation refers to \" existing engineering art \" meaning books like \" Active Directory Cookbook \" and \" Building LDAP - Enabled Applications \" . Using those books and white papers , the engineer , they say , can \" scope his solution . \" From the \" art \" the engineer then makes a list of protocols his design will need to implement . Then he compares that list to the list of protocols Microsoft is offering to license , to find out if he needs documentation from Microsoft or can just implement from existing art entirely , etc . This is all perfectly normal , to hear Microsoft 's apologists tell it , in documentation of this type . Honestly , it 's a sketch . I 'm not an expert , of course , but it left me rolling my eyes . That could just be because there 's a little water under that bridge . But I came away with the distinct impression that Microsoft would prefer not to reveal anything it does n't have to . Their view is that competent engineers are assumed to have a foundation of knowledge of Microsoft ways or the ability to bone up on the subject . Well , that did n't fly with the EU Commission , and the dance continues . In that setting too , we 've seen delay . Now , Microsoft claims it has seen the light and changed its ways . OpenXML is the way forward . Microsoft is promising that its OOXML is open , an open standard . Yes , sirree , what could be better than openness and interoperability ? And you believe them ? Based on what ? I feel like I 'm talking to my friend again , trying to talk her out of marrying a man who was n't being truthful with her ( Cf . this article on some water under the interoperability bridge ) . Contradictions Found Already . You may have seen Andy Updegrove 's article on contradictions in Microsoft 's OOXML , which I put in News Picks . Here are some contradictions he reported : . OOXML does not conform to ISO 8601:2004 \" Representation of Dates and Times . \" Instead , OOXML section 3.17.4.1 , \" Date Representation , \" on page 3305 , requires that implementations replicate a Microsoft bug that dictates that 1900 is a leap year , which in fact it is n't . Similarly , in order to comply with OOXML , your product would be required to use the WEEKDAY ( ) spreadsheet function , and therefore assign incorrect dates to some days of the week , and also miscalculate the number of days between certain dates . OOXML does not follow ISO 639 \" Codes for the Representation of Names and Languages . OOXML also apparently violates section 2.14 of the ISO / IEC Directives , Part 1 , in that not all of what it takes to implement OOXML appears to be covered by Microsoft 's patent pledge , in two respects . First , the pledge does not explicitly cover material that is referenced , but not included in the specification , and second , the Microsoft patent commitment does not cover optional features . If you wish to help find more , some keywords Marbux suggested to me are : . NET , device . And here 's Marbux 's explanation of the ISO process , some legal issues regarding standards , why contradictions matter , the significance of the February 5th deadline , and some more examples of contradictions , all from his point of view : . February 5 , 2007 is a critical deadline for the future of office productivity software . That is the date by which national standards bodies must submit any objections to fast - track processing of the Microsoft Office Open XML specification by the ISO / IEC international standards body . Only qualified \" P \" member bodies of the ISO / IEC Joint Technical Committee 1 ( \" JTC-1 \" ) have legal standing to submit such objections . Fast - track processing is the default JTC-1 status for the proposed Ecma-376 standard , more informally known as the Ecma Office Open XML ( \" EOOXML \" ) standard . The default fast - tracking status can only be changed if a JTC-1 member national standards body submits objections , forcing a vote . Furthermore , there are far fewer opportunities for EOOXML 's revision or to block its adoption by ISO / IEC unless EOOXML is successfully derailed from the JTC-1 fast - track procedures . Can national bodies competently test and evaluate the EOOXML specification by February 5 or will one or more of them file objections to EOOXML fast - track processing ? A few representative examples will provide a hint of the technical scope of the problem JTC-1 member bodies are facing . File formats with no specification . Indeed , the need for \" compatibility \" with legacy Microsoft Office file formats is the only justification Ecma offers for a proposed standard that duplicates and overlaps functionality with ISO / IEC 26300 , the OpenDocument standard . That duplication and overlap is sufficient in and of itself to raise cognizable grounds for national bodies to object . 3 Yet those formats ' implementation is mandatory for conformance with the specification . How then , are national bodies to verify whether a duplicative standard is in fact necessary and can be implemented by all vendors ? Apparently all of the claimed carefully - engineered compatibility with billions of legacy Microsoft files is reserved for the exclusive use of a single software vendor , Microsoft . JTC-1 's role includes ensuring that such vendor favoritism does not creep into the preparation of international open standards . If compatibility with and implementations of the specifications for those legacy formats are mandatory for conformance with the proposed standard , disclosure of the specifications for the legacy file formats is necessary even to consider whether EOOXML achieves Ecma 's stated goal of compatibility with those formats . Vendor - specific application dependencies . The EOOXML specification is inappropriately replete with dependencies on a single vendor 's software . As an example , \" autoSpaceLikeWord95 \" ( page 2161 ) merely defines semantics in reference to a legacy application whose specific behavior is nowhere specified . Instead , vendors are repeatedly urged to study the referenced applications to determine appropriate behavior . But no relevant specification is available for other developers to use and Microsoft 's Open Specification Promise grants no right to decompile and reverse engineer the company 's legacy applications . Still other such application - specific tags and citations to the page numbers where they can be found were collected by Ben Langhinrichs along with the mentioned Ecma \" guidance \" for other developers to study the behavior of the host of legacy applications to implement the tags : . I was reading through the Office Open XML draft yesterday , and came across a whole host of scary elements . These are all from Part 4 of the draft specs , entitled Markup Language Reference , and , yes , those are the real page numbers . It is not a short documemt , and this may partly explain why . For example : . Good show ! On the other hand , these do not belong in an open standard ! This is a very clear case of vendor specific implementation leaking through into what Microsoft claims to be an open standard .... . I have no objection to the goal of fully supporting legacy MS Office documents . I fully respect that as a goal for Microsoft . It just does n't make it an open standard , it makes it a speciofication for MS Office .... . To repeat , as I have said here and elsewhere , when MS introduced this as a full specification of the MS XML storage , they did a good thing . But that good thing does not then cancel out the bad idea of declaring this an \" open standard \" . It is n't , and no matter how many times you defend their support of legacy documents , it wo n't change that . I also defend their support of legacy documents , and support their full specification of it , but not in a public standard . There are many more that can be quickly identified by performing a document search of the specification for the text of the \" guidance . \" The barriers to implementation for other developers posed by such tags have been discussed by Robert Weir in some depth : . It is quite possible to write a standard that allows only a single implementation . 2.15.3.6 autoSpaceLikeWord95 ( Emulate Word 95 Full - Width Character Spacing ) . This element specifies that applications shall emulate the behavior of a previously existing word processing application ( Microsoft Word 95 ) when determining the spacing between full - width East Asian characters in a document 's content . [ Guidance : To faithfully replicate this behavior , applications must imitate the behavior of that application , which involves many possible behaviors and can not be faithfully placed into narrative for this Office Open XML Standard . If applications wish to match this behavior , they must utilize and duplicate the output of those applications . It is recommended that applications not intentionally replicate this behavior as it was deprecated due to issues with its output , and is maintained only for compatibility with existing documents from that application . end guidance ] . ... What should we make of that ? Not only must an interoperable OOXML application support Word 12 's style of spacing , but it must also support a different way of doing it in Word 95 . And by the way , Microsoft is not going to tell you how it was done in Word 95 , even though they are the only ones in a position to do so . Bob Sutor has discussed the harm to be inflicted by the cumulative mass of vendor - specific application dependencies in EOOXML : . Who will implement Open XML correctly and fully ? Maybe Microsoft . Why ? Since it is essentially a dump into XML of all the data needed for all the functionality of their Office products and since those products are proprietary , only they will understand any nuances that go beyond the spec .... . Best of luck doing that , especially since they have over a decade head start . You had better start now . This means that data in Open XML form will be largely sucked into the Microsoft ecosystem but very little will escape for full and practical use elsewhere . In a later article Sutor has offered a layman - level explanation with graphical depictions of the involved market forces : . When a single vendor or software provider makes it easier to connect primarily to his or her software , this is more properly called intraoperability . In the intraoperability situation , one product is somehow central and dominant , either by marketshare , attitude , or acquiescence . The connectivity is supported by protocols and data formats that favor the central software , and those are often prescribed by the provider . The licensing might even prevent the use of the formats , protocols , or even a user interface by competitors or creators of open source software . Just how thoroughly the EOOXML specification is dependent on a single vendor 's applications 4 is well illustrated by the spreadsheet specification 's \" Date and Times \" requirement ( pages 3305 - 6 ) . That section requires that spreadsheet dates treat the year 1900 as a leap year , which contradicts the Gregorian Calendar . This raises severe interoperability issues when interfacing with the many other developers ' office suites , other office software , and development libraries that do properly implement the Gregorian Calendar . The specification straightforwardly acknowledges that this behavior is required for \" legacy reasons . \" Indeed , it is a known bug work - around in the Microsoft Excel spreadsheet program , which would be imposed on other developers and software users by the EOOXML specification 's adoption as an ISO standard , a problem discussed in more depth by Rob Weir : . By mandating the perpetuation of this bug , we 're asking for trouble . Date libraries in modern programming languages like C , C++ , Java , Python , Ruby will all calculate dates correctly according to the Gregorian Calendar . So any interpretation of dates in OOXML files in these languages will be off by one day unless the author of the software adds their own workaround to their code to account for Excel 's bug . But many will not , perhaps because they did not see it deep within the 6,000 page specification . The EOOXML specification also creates barriers to interoperability where such barriers seem gratuitous . For example , the \" Workbook Protection \" section ( page 2698 ) defines an encryption algorithm by including several pages of C - language source code that appears to have byte - ordering dependencies that will produce different results on different machine architectures . Likewise , the \" Clipboard Data \" section ( page 5905 ) defines a schema type that can encode clipboard format values for Windows and the Macintosh , but appears not to allow for use by other operating systems . Yet another is \" Conditional Formatting Bitmask \" ( page 2478 ) , which mandates the use of bitmasks . Some of the standard XML processing tools like XSLT lack bitwise operators , making the use of such data impossible when converting to other XML formats . Existing files and applications exercise a broad range of formats and functionality that , if required by the conformance definition , would add an impractical amount of bulk to This Standard and could inadvertently obligate new applications to implement a prohibitive amount of functionality . This issue is caused by the breadth of currently available functionality and is compounded by the existence of legacy formats . That is a somewhat less - than - compelling argument for withholding specifications required to be implemented by the repeated usage of the mandatory \" shall \" and \" shall not \" that appears throughout the specification . It requires that a conformant application understand these formats , but forbids a conformant application from producing them . \" ) ; Microsoft Open Specification Promise ( patent rights granted extend only to \" required portions of the Covered Specification that are described in detail and not merely referenced in such Specification \" ) . Conclusion . EOOXML was crippled from the very beginning of the Ecma standardization process by an inappropriate charter requiring compatibility with only a single vendor 's file formats : . The goal of the Technical Committee is to produce a formal standard for office productivity applications within the Ecma International standards process which is fully compatible with the [ Microsoft ] Office Open XML Formats . That charter language forbade any deviation from a single vendor 's specifications in development of the EOOXML \" open \" standard . Not surprisingly , most major software houses boycotted the pre - rigged work program and Ecma included in EOOXML no specifications for the interoperability of other vendors ' applications that are based on the existing ISO OpenDocument standard . That ignores , of course , the market requirement of full fidelity interoperability in automated business processes . There were no full - featured reference applications available for EOOXML testing and evaluation purposes by national bodies at the time of EOOXML 's submission to JTC-1 that I am aware of . In contrast , ISO / IEC 's highly - interoperable OpenDocument standard has been widely implemented across the software industry and has been extensively put into service around the world . See e.g. , this page that tracks government adoption of OpenDocument worldwide , current as of May of 2006 . EOOXML has no comparable track record of support and adoption . ISO / IEC 's reputation is on the line in its processing of the EOOXML proposal . See ISO / IEC JTC-1 Directives , supra sections 11.1.2 and .3 ( any JTC-1 member may appeal if a draft standard \" may be detrimental to the reputation of IEC or ISO \" ) . The 6,039-page EOOXML specification warrants close scrutiny that can not feasibly be achieved within the time frames mandated by ISO fast - track standardization procedures . My understanding is that governments ' software procurement tenders are required to specify the existing OpenDocument standard absent exceptional circumstances , pursuant to the international Agreement on Government Procurement Article VI section 2 ( technical specifications shall \" be based on international standards , where such exist \" ) . If that understanding is correct , Microsoft must support OpenDocument or give up the pretense that its \" standard \" is anything but its own private international standard . Notes . 2 Because the specification is not consistently paginated throughout , all references are to the PDF file page numbers . 3 Microsoft 's failure to disclose the specifications for its legacy office file formats came under antitrust investigation in Europe . The relevant specifications are not available to other software developers . "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Blogs/Bytes+by+MSDN/Bytes-by-MSDN-Joe-Belfiore-and-Tim-Huckaby-discuss-Windows-Phone-7", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454702039825.90/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195359-00066-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Editor 's Note : Jack Parker , a mining engineer from Baltic , Mich. , and a Keweenaw Now guest writer , sent the following letter to Ross Micham of Region 5 Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) on Feb. 20 , 2011 . The letter was acknowledged and forwarded to a scientist who is working on the wetlands issues related to the Eagle project . It is reprinted here at Mr. Parker 's request . Good morning Ross : . In times of trouble I turn to you again for help . You seem to know your way around , and to have retained your integrity . As you probably guessed it concerns the Kennecott haul road and political pressure on the EPA to relax standards on wetlands protection and clean water . The EPA /FWS ( U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ) /C of E ( U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ) decision on the \" Woodland Road \" recognized the very transparent deception and denied permits . I see the current politicking as a move to take you out of the picture . Am sure that you recognize that too . If any reputable engineering group were to simply read the original Feb. 2006 application for permits they too would reject it -- as did I and the DEQ 's hired expert , David Sainsbury -- whose reports were suppressed . From a legal point of view Kennecott has consistently disregarded the Michigan Mining Law , Part 632 -- flagrantly . They continue mine construction despite the fact that they do not have a haul road ; in fact they have not yet conducted the required EIA ( Environmental Impact Assessment ) which must be completed before submitting an application -- before any mining - related activities can be performed . You will remember that I am a mining man and that I want to see the deposit mined legally and responsibly , and that I am on nobody 's payroll . Will you please bring this matter to the attention of the powers - that - be , at the three agencies , and NOT relax standards but instead reinforce them , preferably by taking back responsibilities from MDEQ . You probably read of MDEQ Joe Maki 's admission , under oath , that he and his Mining Team did not even consider the new law , 632 , when evaluating the application ! It 's in the court transcripts . The judge shrugged it off ! Please help ASAP . They specialize in ignoring the law and establishing the fait accompli . Jack Parker , Mining Engineer Baltic MI 49963 . Jack Parker adds a note to concerned readers requesting they write their own letter to Ross Micham at micham.ross@epamail.epa.gov , with a copy to EPA Director Lisa Jackson at Jackson.lisa@epa.gov . HOUGHTON -- NOSOTROS , the Hispanic Student Organization , is hosting a family - friendly Latin music social , from 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. , Saturday , Feb. 26 , in Memorial Union Ballroom A on the Michigan Tech campus . Click on this flyer for a larger version with more details on the NOSOTROS dance . ( Flyer courtesy NOSOTROS ) . The evening will begin with an hour of free dance lessons , followed by two hours of open floor with salsa , merengue , bachata and much more . No partner is needed . An individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust , and who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice , is in reality expressing the highest respect for the law . -- Martin Luther King , Jr. . Dearest readers , . I want to share a story of an ordinary citizen using peaceful direct action to take a stand . When Tim DeChristopher woke up one morning in December of 2008 , what he was intending to do that day was disrupt a Bureau of Land Management oil and gas lease auction . He did not expect he was starting down a road that would leave him $ 1.7 million in debt , facing a court date and up to 10 years in jail . But next Monday , Feb. 28 , DeChristopher will go to trial for an unusual and profound act of creative , direct , nonviolent civil disobedience . For DeChristopher , armchair activism was n't enough of a response to the climate crisis . Photo : Tim DeChristopher speaks on \" The Case for Extremism \" during the Aug. 1 , 2009 , Protect the Earth workshops at Northern Michigan University in Marquette . ( Keweenaw Now file photo \u00a9 2009 and courtesy Gabriel Caplett ) . HANCOCK -- The Thimbleberry Band will play for another Old - Time Copper Country Community Dance from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. this Saturday , Feb 26 , at the Finnish - American Heritage Center in Hancock . Polka , waltz , schottische , tango , and maybe a couple of contras . All ages welcome . Free admission . Lotsa fun ! HOUGHTON -- Authentic Italian dishes will be featured at Khana Khazana ( \" food treasure \" ) this Friday , Feb. 25 . Khana Khazana is a weekly series of ethnic lunches cooked by international students from different countries and served in the Michigan Tech Memorial Union Food Court from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Fridays . Daniele Alami , an Italian exchange student in geology , will make pasta and potato , tonno in crosta di sesamo ( sliced tuna with a sesame seed crust ) and crostata di marmellata ai mirtilli ( Italian blackberry pie ) . A complete meal costs $ 6 and includes coffee , hot tea or a fountain soda . Items are available \u00e0 la carte for $ 2 . Khana Khazana is a collaboration of international students and Michigan Tech Dining Services . HANCOCK -- Finlandia University 's International School of Art and Design will present an exhibit of work by university faculty from Feb. 24 through Mar. 22 , 2011 , at the Finlandia University Gallery , located in the Finnish American Heritage Center , Hancock . An opening reception for the artists will take place at the gallery from 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. Thursday , Feb. 24 . The reception is free and open to the public . Refreshments will be served . This year 's exhibit features new works by Finlandia University art and design faculty , faculty emeritus , and adjunct faculty . Ceramics , sustainable design , painting and drawing , fiber art , and graphic design are among the media represented in the exhibit . The artists are Yueh - mei Cheng , Phyllis Fredendall , Arthur Hill , Rick Loduha , Denise Vandeville , Jon Brookhouse , Colleen Carroll , Cynthia Cot\u00e9 , Carrie Flaspohler , Greg Green , Melissa Hronkin , Laura Smyth , and Derik Spoon . Phyllis Fredendall , associate professor of fiber arts and fashion design , will exhibit jacquard fabric that she designed using the computer software she teaches her students to use . \" Kuusamo Stripes . \" Knitted yardage by fiber artist Phyllis Fredendall . \" The fiber studio at Finlandia has three main directions : weaving and off - loom structures , dyeing and printing , and garment design . With so many areas within one concentration , it is important that I explore the processes we study along with the students , \" Fredendall says . \" Some of these explorations are in the show . \" Rick Loduha , associate professor of integrated design , will present his work from the Sustainable Keweenaw Resource Center 's Green Map project . The Keweenaw Green Map is an online map charting how local businesses , projects , happenings , and other activities play a part in sustainable community development . A fabric piece titled \" Levity \" by Cynthia Cot\u00e9 , adjunct professor and director of the Copper Country Community Arts Center , Hancock , explores the question , If a soul was a tangible thing , what would it look like ? The piece is part of a series she is creating in an effort to mend and celebrate the hardworking components of her body . Adjunct professor Melissa Hronkin 's contribution to this year 's exhibit uses encaustics , an ancient medium using pigmented beeswax . \" Reconstructing the hive II , \" 2011 , by Melissa Hronkin . \" I approach this medium experimentally , \" notes Hronkin about her use of encaustics . \" And I use it as a medium to bind together my photography , drawing , sculptures , and ideas . \" The Finlandia University Gallery is in the Finnish American Heritage Center , 435 Quincy Street , Hancock . Gallery hours are Monday to Friday 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. , Thursday , 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. , Saturday , noon to 4 p.m. , or by appointment . BIG BAY -- A citizen group located in northern Marquette County of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan announces the filing of a Petition for Contested Case Hearing with the State Office of Administrative Hearings in Lansing , Michigan . The group contends that the DNRE / DEQ failed to require a Part 632 Amendment in the construction and extension of electric service from Marquette , Mich. , to the Rio Tinto Eagle Mine site , located eight miles from Big Bay , as required by the Part 632 statute . This October 2010 photo shows power lines being run along the AAA Road leading to the Eagle Mine without a request from Kennecott Eagle Minerals Co. ( KEMC ) for an amendment to their mining permit for this infrastructure . ( File photo by Keweenaw Now ) . \" No one is above the law , \" Gene Champagne , leader of the group , stated . \" The people of Big Bay , whose community will be the community most severely impacted by Rio Tinto 's proposed mine and any other projects that follow it , demand that Rio Tinto follow the laws that they helped craft in Part 632 . We are tired of Rio Tinto 's ' blame the victim ' strategy when decrying the delay of their project . \" Champagne noted Rio Tinto further delays their own project every time they ignore the law or use lawyers to figure out a way around it . \" The law was written to protect Michigan citizens and their environment , not to cater to some self - imposed company deadline , \" he added . This did not happen . \" The Concerned Citizens of Big Bay also petition that any court action be conducted in Marquette County . \" We are representing ourselves in this petition and have not the resource to hire a lawyer that may travel at our will . We would be further injured by this action if all of the citizens of this action and their witnesses were required to come to Lansing to bring this grievance forward , \" the group states . Levying of violations and fines ; stoppage of all electric power grid work , and the demand for public hearing in Big Bay are all part of the petitioner 's request . Rio Tinto , the third largest mining company in the world , began construction of the Eagle Mine in the summer of 2010 . The mining company 's current mining permit calls for the use of a diesel generating plant at the mine site , as this remote region of the Yellow Dog Plains has never had any kind of utility infrastructure . The State of Michigan instituted a process within the Department of Environmental Quality ( DEQ ) , under Governor Jennifer Granholm , allowing \" aggrieved \" persons to file a petition for an Administrative hearing for action or non - actions of the DNRE / DEQ in their regulatory processes . Contested cases are presided over by an Administrative Law Judge ( ALJ ) from the State Office of Administrative Hearings and Rules . \" We were not represented by due process in the full replacement of new transmission lines from Marquette to Big Bay , nor in the process of buried industrial service to the Rio Tinto Eagle Mine site . There were no environmental assessments , no reclamation plans , no contingency plans , no review of financial assurances and absolutely no provision or opportunity for public comment by the DNRE / DEQ . We are aggrieved , \" the group states in their recent press release . The Concerned Citizens of Big Bay seek to highlight that the lack of regulatory oversight of Part 632 , in this metallic sulfide mine or any other like mine , is unacceptable . \" The Part 632 regulatory process is intended to protect not only the environment , but to ensure there is no harm to the safety of citizens or harm to the community and its ability to plan adequately around this new permitted activity , \" the petition states . Read the rest of this article on Great Lakes Echo . Zaiqian Zhang , left , and Yuxiao Wang were Mistress and Master of Ceremonies for the 2011 Chinese Night performance on Feb 6 in the Rozsa Center . Click on photos for larger versions . ( Photos by Keweenaw Now ) . HOUGHTON -- The Chinese Students and Scholars Association ( CSSA ) at Michigan Tech hosted a Chinese New Year Celebration on Sunday , Feb. 6 , 2011 -- the Year of the Rabbit . The public was invited , and the program was free . Here are some photos of the entertaining student performance in the Rozsa Center : . Xi Lin and Mengjiao Xiao perform a lovely classical dance . ( Video clip by Keweenaw Now ) . Members of the women 's dance group perform an energetic number . Rui Mao sings a song about New York . His band members are Kenny Stahl , Eben Mannes and Nicole Kirch . Li Chen performs a graceful Tai ji demonstration . After the show , Zhengming Li , his wife , Suning , and their daughter , Alice , pause for a photo . Thanks for inviting us to Chinese Night , Ming and Suning ! Preschool Program to hold Open House Feb. 23 , 26 . The program is open to private payment or DHS childcare subsidy . Scholarships may be available . Chinese - speaking teachers are needed . Michigan Tech University student volunteers are welcome . Email pykuo@bhkfirst.org for information . The Aquila Theatre will present Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream at 7:30 p.m. Friday , Feb. 25 , in the Rozsa Center . ( Image courtesy Rozsa Center for the Performing Arts ) . HOUGHTON -- Many of us know at least a little of the tale : Enchanted forests , fairy kings and queens , mixed - up lovers and the mischievous Puck ! Come to the Rozsa Center for an evening with Aquila Theatre 's production of Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream at 7:30 p.m. Friday , Feb. 25 , 2011 . A Midsummer Night 's Dream has delighted audiences for centuries , and Aquila 's interpretation will renew the magic of Shakespeare 's plot . Set against a classical Athenian backdrop , A Midsummer Night 's Dream deals with the universal theme of love , and its complications : passion , lust , frustration , depression , confusion , and , of course , marriage . Aquila weaves a web of theatrical magic that will take an audience to the heart of an enchanted forest , the injustice of the Athenian court , and the political strife of the fairy kingdom . The plot focuses on the trials and experiences of two sets of lovers , the Fairy King and Queen and their servants , and a group of rude mechanics attempting to stage a production of \" Pyramus and Thisbe \" for the wedding of the Duke of Athens . At the heart of the story is the Fairy King 's servant , the impish Puck , whose magic creates an endless supply of mirth , mistaken identity , and inappropriate -- if not absolutely ludicrous -- passions . Aquila 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream has been praised by The New York Times as follows : \" Timely and pleasing ... this ' Dream ' soothes the eye and tickles the funny bone . ' \" Aquila 's comedic mastery , physical ensemble techniques , and proven successes with their critically acclaimed productions of Shakespeare promise that this will be a Dream you wo n't soon forget . This event is sponsored in part by Minnesota Public Radio and the James and Margaret Black Endowment . Ticket prices for adults are $ 20 , $ 18 for seniors , $ 14 for students , and free for Michigan Tech Students . To purchase tickets , contact Michigan Tech Ticketing Services at the Rozsa Box Office at 487 - 3200 , the Central Ticket Office ( SDC ) at 487 - 2073 , or go online at tickets.mtu.edu . No refunds , exchanges , or late seating , please . During the African Night 2010 performance , members of the audience respond to Hayor Bibimma 's invitation to join them in a dance on stage at the Rozsa Center . This year 's African Night will again include a visiting dance group -- the Adinkra Music and Dance Ensemble , who trace their roots to Ghana . HOUGHTON -- Black Heritage Month continues at Michigan Tech University with African Culture Week , Feb. 21 - 26 , exploring several countries / regions of Africa . The week concludes on Saturday , Feb. 26 , with African Night : Road Trip Across Africa , featuring an African dinner , followed by a performance by students and special guests -- the Adinkra Music and Dance Ensemble , who trace their roots to Ghana . Monday , Feb. 21 : Southern Africa : Amandla ! A Revolution in Four Part Harmony . Part 1 of this film will be shown at 6 p.m. in ChemSci 101 . Tuesday , Feb. 22 : Kenya : \" Focus on Kenya , \" a look at Kenyans who are making a difference at home and around the globe , at 6 p.m. in ChemSci 101 . Wednesday , Feb. 23 : Southern Africa : Amandla ! A Revolution in Four Part Harmony . Part 2 of this film will be shown at 6 p.m. in ChemSci 101 . Thursday , Feb. 24 : Liberia : \" 14 Years of Civil War , \" a presentation by a Liberian student on the history of the Liberian civil war and the short and long term impacts , at 6 p.m. in ChemSci 101 . The above events in ChemSci 101 are free . Saturday , Feb. 26 : African Night : Road Trip Across Africa will include dinner and a performance . Dinner will begin at 5 p.m. in the Memorial Union Board ( MUB ) Commons , and the performance will be at 7:30 p.m. at the Rozsa Center for Performing Arts . During this event , students from various African countries provide the audience with an exhilarating display of some of the dance routines from their countries . Food prepared using recipes from certain African countries is served before the main event . The road - trip themed performance by the students will bring to stage the cultural heritage of the various African countries represented on Michigan Tech 's campus in a night of enlightening entertainment . This year 's special guest performers are the Adinkra Music and Dance Ensemble , who trace their roots to Ghana . The cost for the general public , including both dinner and performance , is $ 15 ; for Michigan Tech students it is $ 10 , and children under 5 are free . Tickets are available through Michigan Tech Ticketing Operations at 906 - 487 - 3200 , the Rozsa Box Office , the S.D.C. or online at tickets.mtu.edu . HOUGHTON -- The Superior Wind Symphony will perform for the Midwinter Band Festival Concert at 7:30 p.m. , Wednesday , Feb. 23 , in the Rozsa Center . Conductor Nicholas Enz ( VPA ) will treat the audience to an evening filled with folksongs , featuring guest conductor Evan Feldman of the University of North Carolina . In addition to the concert , Feldman will work with Copper Country high school bands and their directors , including Lake Linden - Hubble , Jeffers , Houghton , Dollar Bay and Hancock . Ticket prices are $ 10 for the general public , $ 5 for students , and free for Michigan Tech students . HOUGHTON -- The Portage Lake District Library continues to host \" Discover Isle Royale , \" a series of monthly programs sponsored by the Isle Royale Institute and Isle Royale National Park . From 6:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday , Feb. 23 , Seth DePasqual will present \" Drilling for Hope : Exploration , Technology and the End of Copper Mining on Isle Royale . \" DePasqual will take participants on a visual journey into Isle Royale 's past to investigate the final attempts to extract mineral riches from this remote island . He will also describe how , starting at least 4000 years ago , people made the difficult passage to Isle Royale in search of copper . DePasqual is the Cultural Resources Manager for Isle Royale National Park . Formally trained as an archaeologist , he has studied the past in locations across America and Norway . Citing the island 's rich inventory of prehistoric and historic endeavors , he considers Isle Royale to be a dream medium for archaeological research . Library programs are free and everyone is welcome . Portage Library Closed for Presidents ' Day . The Portage Lake District Library will be closed Monday , Feb. 21 , in observance of Presidents ' Day . However , the Gluten - Free Recipe Exchange program will meet as scheduled from 6:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. on Monday . The Gluten - Free Recipe Exchange is open to all and everyone is invited . For more information , please call the library at 482 - 4570 . We are learning that both Federal and State budgets must be cut drastically , and that our DNR has already been targeted . That comes from spending money we do n't have . Now we must pay . Considering that both DNR and DEQ have long been underfunded to the extent that they can not enforce existing regulations , we must resist the cuts and even insist on redistribution of funds so that the law can and will be upheld . A peculiar situation has been created concerning the Kennecott haul road from the Eagle deposit to the Humboldt mill . Months of manipulation have led to a growing perception that Kennecott could fund the road - permitting process , which would include design and environmental impact studies -- to be performed by the County -- with construction to be funded by sources unknown , but probably State or Federal . Not discussed yet is the fact that for eight years , probably many more than eight , that road will be pounded by Kennecott trucks hauling away our mineral resources at the rate of . Ben Weaver returns to Hancock , Marquette . Ben Weaver is a writer , musician , long - distance bicyclist and a good friend of Lake Superior . He returns to Hancock for an evening of song , story and reflection at 8:30 p.m. Saturday , Feb. 13 , at the Orpheum Theater , 426 Quincy St. , Hancock . $ 10 suggested donation . If you are in Marquette today , Friday , do n't miss Ben Weaver at an evening of multimedia storytelling and environmental solidarity from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. TONIGHT at Marquette Federation of Women 's Clubs Clubhouse , 104 W. Ridge St. , Marquette . $ 10 at the door . Proceeds benefit Save the Wild U.P. . + News Briefs / Announcements . Khana Khazana is serving Korean food this Friday , Feb. 12 . The menu includes Beef Bulgogi ( Korean stir fry beef served with rice ) , Soegogi - muguk ( a popular Korean soup ) , and Musaengchae ( spicy Korean salad ) . A full meal including a fountain soda costs $ 7.25 . The lunch is served from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Michigan Tech 's Memorial Union Food Court . The Hancock Tori will hold a February Market from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. this Saturday , Feb. 13 , at the First United Methodist Church , next to Quincy Green in downtown Hancock . Home - grown and hand - crafted items . A great chance to find a gift for your favorite Valentine ! Dance Zone Marquette will hold their annual Sweetheart Ball dinner dance on Saturday , Feb. 13 . Doors open at 5:30 p.m. Hors d'oeuvres at 6 p.m. Dinner at 6:30 p.m. $ 22 per person . Catered by Eric . Blue Champagne will play for after - dinner dancing . Call Marge at 906 - 236 - 1457 for reservations by Thursday , Feb. 11 . Door prizes and fun ! Dance Zone is at 1113 Lincoln Ave . , Marquette . Click here for details on Dance Zone events . Trails at Maasto Hiihto are being groomed . Click here for the KNSC Trail Report . HEET ( Houghton Energy Efficiency Team ) is planning a 2016 Winterization Campaign and Efficiency Challenge . Local businesses , organizations and church groups are getting involved . HEET has moved into a new office in Hancock at 422 Quincy St. in Hancock . Click here for info . Copyright Policy . For our copyright policy , please click here or email us if you wish to use any of the photos or video clips by Keweenaw Now . Photos by guest photographers are copyrighted and you must seek their permission for re - use . This policy applies to the photos in our slide shows as well . Please do not share photos taken by guest photographers without their permission . Friends of the Land of Keweenaw . Upper Peninsula Environmental Coalition . The Upper Peninsula Environmental Coalition 's mission is protecting and maintaining the unique environmental qualities of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan by educating the public and acting as a watchdog to industry and government . Save the Water 's Edge . A Rascal 's Craft . The poetic musings of Eelu Kiviranta , a Finnish immigrant and self - proclaimed rascal . Side - by - side Finnish with English translation by Lillian Lehto . Introduction by Steve Lehto . Includes \" The Copper Country Strike of 1913 . \" Available from Amazon or the translator , 1419 Yosemite , Birmingham , MI 48009 , $ 19.95 . Click on cover to see Youtube video . Rozsa Center for the Performing Arts . Distant Drum . Original clothing and wall pieces custom designed and sewn by Andrea Puzakulich in the Keweenaw for 25 years . Distant Drum is located in Hancock 's Historic E.L.Wright Bldg . Open most weekday afternoons . Call ahead . Portage Lake District Library . Houghton County Democratic Party . Finlandia University . Houghton Keweenaw Conservation District : Annual Tree Sale . Main Street Calumet . Keweenaw BEST ! Michigan League of Conservation Voters . What Is Sustainable . Author Richard Adrian Reese recounts how his life took a new direction after 9 years of simple living in the Keweenaw -- and offers a new worldview for a sustainable future . Keweenaw Unitarian Universalist Fellowship will hold a discussion of this book at 7 p.m. May 21 . See our review . Welcome to Keweenaw Now ! Welcome to our Keweenaw Now blog . The Blogger format allows you , our readers , to comment on any post . Read our articles here and send us your comments and suggestions ! Your comment will come to us on email ( without showing your email address ) and as long as it 's not objectionable we will post it on the article page . Click on the comment link below the article to send us a comment . Sometimes the number of comments is indicated on that link on the home page . It may take some time for it to appear . In addition , Keweenaw Now offers editing -- including editing of scholarly papers in various fields -- and some translation services . We can also help you write or edit the text on your Web site . Iraq death count . Weather . More stories in our Archives ... . If you missed one of our previous articles , you can find all of them archived through links in the right - hand column . Click on the week you missed , and the headlines of articles for that week will appear as links you can click on to read the story on its own page . "}
{"url": "http://www.ekklesia.co.uk/node/8350", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701158481.37/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193918-00275-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Turning back time is normally the province of Superman . But let 's not mix our myths here . Stern can do it just as well . While never apologizing , and with only a mumble of regret , Stern nevertheless knows he blew it in Seattle . His mishandling of the Sonics situation is the single biggest blight on his resume , which does have numerous redeeming features . As the man in charge of the renaissance of the NBA from a league run out of the trunk of a car to world sports force , he deserves credit . Nevertheless , his belief that he was dismissed by state and local politicians during his February 2006 campaign visit to help then - owner Howard Schultz get a publicly funded arena was never forgotten . Ew . But that same petty , adolescent passion for vengeance that catalyzed the Sonics ' departure now works in Seattle 's favor . Yahoo ! sports writer Adrian Wojnarowski , a longtime , knowledgeable reporter on the NBA , wrote from the league meetings in New York that Stern is eager to return a team to Seattle . That team , no surprise , is the Sacramento Kings , ostracized for much the same emotions he had for Seattle in 2006 - somebody there pissed him off . In this case , it was n't the politicians , it was the club 's owners , the Maloof brothers of Las Vegas casino notoriety . At the All - Star Game in February , Stern and the Maloofs publicly celebrated a tentative deal to fund a $ 391 million arena that would open for the 2015 - 16 season in the downtown Sacramento rail yards . Co - owner Gavin Maloof was in tears then during a joint announcement . The Sacramento City Council passed the deal in March , but by April , the Maloofs backed out , citing financial terms it considered onerous . Stern was beyond furious . He believed he and the league had been humiliated . And Stern takes humiliation like a baby takes sandpaper diapers . At the same time in Seattle , native son Chris Hansen was buying property , making friends and hustling up support for his arena proposal in SoDo , knowing full well the house politics in the NBA was working in his favor regarding the potential availability of the Kings . A source within the Hansen camp said there was a small shot at getting the Kings here by the start of the 2012 - 13 season . Arena events in Seattle did not move fast enough . But Stern is working his sledgehammer magic now to get the Kings moving to Seattle after this season and before he retires - or at least having them on their way . Although he has met and likes Hansen , Stern has long been more impressed with one of his investors , Steve Ballmer , who runs a little software shop in Redmond . \" Stern is determined to get a franchise back into Seattle , league sources said , \" Wojnarowski wrote . \" He has become a strong ally of Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer 's group to bring back the NBA there . Ballmer 's group has been trying to get the Maloof family to sell the Sacramento Kings , so that the franchise can eventually play in a new arena in Seattle . \" The Maloofs have reportedly borrowed many millions . And if necessary , Stern probably will doctor up unpleasant photos and tweets from the Maloofs . Stern also will cajole Hansen and Ballmer into paying a record price for the franchise , which would give the Maloofs some cover in Sacramento by accepting an offer they could n't refuse , as well as helping float the boats of every existing franchise with an inflated value . In the corporate world , that 's the sort of deal that earns and keeps the title of messiah . The league rids itself of clowns , gains participation of Microsoft , restores the Seattle market and hurts only Sacramento , where , unlike Seattle , it can not be said that Stern did n't make best efforts . You 've heard it 's good to be the king . Soon enough , it will be better to be Kings owners , and best to be the messiah . Ugh . The thought of having to accept the role of predator in order to obtain a team is distasteful enough . But to be complicate with Howard Stern and his agenda feels about like a Labrador retriever is complicate to the guy with the shotgun , now that we know what a rolled up newspaper to the snout feels like . With all due love and respect for Chris Hansen , I hope the Maloofs give Stern hell for the rest of his tenure or until Castro dies . It may be wishing upon a star , but I 'd rather wait for expansion than accept a blessing from His Sternness . I feel dirty just thinking about it . Matt712 . The word is ' complicit ' . Sorry . Auto - correct continues to be more of a curse than a blessing . art thiel . I also think you meant David Stern , but the idea of Howard Stern running the NBA is too glorious for my feeble brain . To your point , Matt : It is a slime fest . Having to bow in supplication to Stern , after his misconduct , is galling . And then to have the inevitable attaboys come his way for resolving Seattle , by people who did not have to live through the saga , doubles the gall . Then to pilfer another city as we were pilfered . . . The only hope is that Stern will be out of office by the time a team is shows up . ron . When Howard Schultz got tired of losing over $ 15 million a year running the Sonics in 2006 , was there a local group or buyer willing to purchase the team from him ? I ask because at the time of the sale Schultz said he would have taken a lesser offer from a local group , but there was none . In the six years since he made that statement , no one has contradicted Schultz on that . In a June 2012 interview with the Seattle Times , Peter Nordstrom stated there was no local group willing to buy he team from Schultz in 2006 because there was no clear path to success for a local ownership group . If there was no local group willing to buy the Sonics fom Schultz , did Stern get the best result he could have ? At that point is n't the team headed out of Seattle , unless the new owner likes losing over $ 15 million year indefinitely and had no other options ? Was getting Bennett 's group to promise to stay even one year while Seattle worked on an arena solution better than what usually occurs in such situations , where the team is sold and immediately moved . I understand the anger of the Sonics fans for the loss of the team . Is directing that anger at Stern shooting the messenger for the message : the elements neede to support a NBA franchise , other than fan support , did not exist from 2006 to 2008 in Seattle . Matt712 . Ron , . You 're painting a very benign picture of what actually went on . Yes , Shultz had every right to sell the team , and naturally no one was going to step up to buy a losing franchise immediately because , as yet , there had been no threat of departure . But , by the time that threat had been established , there were several groups ( including Balmer 's ) trying to make something work . But also by that time , it was too late . Why ? Because Clay Bennett never intended to keep the Sonics in Seattle from day one , and there was plenty enough evidence supporting this to win in a court of law . Instead , our civic leaders folded . The more galling thing is the deceit of the Oklahomans and , really , what can only be called deceit on the part of Shultz . I mean , c'mon he sold the team to a city who 'd tasted and loved the NBA while hosting New Orleans during the hurricane aftermath , had built a new arena , and had already been schmoozing Stern before they ever landed at Sea Tac . Your telling me the CEO of the one of the most successful franchises in the world could n't read that writing ? Now , look at the Mariners . Do you think they deserve fan support right now . I think not . But that does n't mean we want them gone . It means we want them to fix their problems . Owning a pro sports team is much more than simply owning a business , because there is a huge element of public trust and civic stewardship involved . Howard Shultz abandoned that principle in this case . And David Stern not only facilitated it , he did so while publicly and loudly chastising the this city . It 's one thing to simply be the messenger . Stern was dubiously SO much more . ron . Is that analysis minimizing the importance of having local ownership willing to buy the team ? Once no local ownership emerges in 2006 , the only reason an out of towner stays is because he has no other place to move the franchise . Had there been no Clay Bennett , the team would have wound up in Kansas City , San Jose , or Vegas . It was not staying in Seattle without a local owner willing to absorb $ 15 million+ a year losses until Key Arena could be upgraded or replaced . No matter who Schultz sold to , the team would have left . It is easy to villify Schultz for selling , but in a city with lots of incredibly wealthy individuals , no single individual or group offered to switch places with him . I would agree that fan support was never the problem in Seattle . Sadly , fan support , by itself , is not enough to keep a pro sports franchise in a city . Stern had no power to force Schultz to continue owning the team . He also had no power to force a local group to buy the team from Schultz . Stern did not have any good options once Schultz decided to sell the Sonics . Stern also had no ability to force the people in the Seattle area to help publicly finance an arena . Even after Bennett 's group had filed for relocation , the state legislature failed to even bring up Ballmer 's plan for consideration , even though Ballmer offered to pay $ 150 million plus cost over - runs of a $ 300 million upgrade . Finally , it is not Stern 's fault there was no local group or individual willing to privately finance a new arena in Seattle . Again , blaming Stern seems like blaming the messenger for the message : the elements needed to support a NBA team , other than fan support , just were n't present in Seattle from 2006 to 2008 . art thiel . His ownership group had no chance with his plans , and everyone who knew a lick about politics told him so . The world changed on him and he failed to adapt . He bought a team in 2000 with a five - year - old arena that was becoming economically obsolete because of the NBA 's ridiculous compensation system . How is any of that the fault of Seattle ? ron . Ca n't blame Seattle for wanting private ownership to pick up most of the tab for any arena upgrade . Seattle may even be on the side of the angels in that regard . On the other hand , did n't the opposition to public funding extend way past rejecting Schultz 's plan ? Ballmer 's plan never even got considered . Is n't that the tragedy of the Sonics relocation : everyone did what they thought was right , and it created a situation where , in 2006 , no one in the Seattle area wanted to buy the Sonics from Schultz when he decided to sell . My heart goes out to the NBA fans in Seattle , who did everything they were supposed to do and the Sonics still relocated . Having said that , I have trouble seeing how Stern could have changed that outcome , as he could neither force Schultz to continue owning the team or force local buyers to take it off of Schultz 's hands . It sure seems like that without that local ownership group in 2006 , the Sonics were headed out of town , although I may be simplifying the situation too much . Matt712 . Ha ! Put Howard Schultz , David Stern and a 22 oz . bottle of Arrogant Bastard Ale in my head , and what do you get ? Matt712 . Ugh . The thought of having to accept the role of predator in order to obtain a team is distasteful enough . But to be complicate with Howard Stern and his agenda feels about like a Labrador retriever is complicate to the guy with the shotgun , now that we know what a rolled up newspaper to the snout feels like . With all due love and respect for Chris Hansen , I hope the Maloofs give Stern hell for the rest of his tenure or until Castro dies . It may be wishing upon a star , but I 'd rather wait for expansion than accept a blessing from His Sternness . I feel dirty just thinking about it . Matt712 . The word is ' complicit ' . Sorry . Auto - correct continues to be more of a curse than a blessing . art thiel . I also think you meant David Stern , but the idea of Howard Stern running the NBA is too glorious for my feeble brain . To your point , Matt : It is a slime fest . Having to bow in supplication to Stern , after his misconduct , is galling . And then to have the inevitable attaboys come his way for resolving Seattle , by people who did not have to live through the saga , doubles the gall . Then to pilfer another city as we were pilfered . . . The only hope is that Stern will be out of office by the time a team is shows up . ron . When Howard Schultz got tired of losing over $ 15 million a year running the Sonics in 2006 , was there a local group or buyer willing to purchase the team from him ? I ask because at the time of the sale Schultz said he would have taken a lesser offer from a local group , but there was none . In the six years since he made that statement , no one has contradicted Schultz on that . In a June 2012 interview with the Seattle Times , Peter Nordstrom stated there was no local group willing to buy he team from Schultz in 2006 because there was no clear path to success for a local ownership group . If there was no local group willing to buy the Sonics fom Schultz , did Stern get the best result he could have ? At that point is n't the team headed out of Seattle , unless the new owner likes losing over $ 15 million year indefinitely and had no other options ? Was getting Bennett 's group to promise to stay even one year while Seattle worked on an arena solution better than what usually occurs in such situations , where the team is sold and immediately moved . I understand the anger of the Sonics fans for the loss of the team . Is directing that anger at Stern shooting the messenger for the message : the elements neede to support a NBA franchise , other than fan support , did not exist from 2006 to 2008 in Seattle . Matt712 . Ron , . You 're painting a very benign picture of what actually went on . Yes , Shultz had every right to sell the team , and naturally no one was going to step up to buy a losing franchise immediately because , as yet , there had been no threat of departure . But , by the time that threat had been established , there were several groups ( including Balmer 's ) trying to make something work . But also by that time , it was too late . Why ? Because Clay Bennett never intended to keep the Sonics in Seattle from day one , and there was plenty enough evidence supporting this to win in a court of law . Instead , our civic leaders folded . The more galling thing is the deceit of the Oklahomans and , really , what can only be called deceit on the part of Shultz . I mean , c'mon ... he sold the team to a city who 'd tasted and loved the NBA while hosting New Orleans during the hurricane aftermath , had built a new arena , and had already been schmoozing Stern before they ever landed at Sea Tac . Your telling me the CEO of the one of the most successful franchises in the world could n't read that writing ? Now , look at the Mariners . Do you think they deserve fan support right now . I think not . But that does n't mean we want them gone . It means we want them to fix their problems . Owning a pro sports team is much more than simply owning a business , because there is a huge element of public trust and civic stewardship involved . Howard Shultz abandoned that principle in this case . And David Stern not only facilitated it , he did so while publicly and loudly chastising the this city . It 's one thing to simply be the messenger . Stern was dubiously SO much more . ron . Is that analysis minimizing the importance of having local ownership willing to buy the team ? Once no local ownership emerges in 2006 , the only reason an out of towner stays is because he has no other place to move the franchise . Had there been no Clay Bennett , the team would have wound up in Kansas City , San Jose , or Vegas . It was not staying in Seattle without a local owner willing to absorb $ 15 million+ a year losses until Key Arena could be upgraded or replaced . No matter who Schultz sold to , the team would have left . It is easy to villify Schultz for selling , but in a city with lots of incredibly wealthy individuals , no single individual or group offered to switch places with him . I would agree that fan support was never the problem in Seattle . Sadly , fan support , by itself , is not enough to keep a pro sports franchise in a city . Stern had no power to force Schultz to continue owning the team . He also had no power to force a local group to buy the team from Schultz . Stern did not have any good options once Schultz decided to sell the Sonics . Stern also had no ability to force the people in the Seattle area to help publicly finance an arena . Even after Bennett 's group had filed for relocation , the state legislature failed to even bring up Ballmer 's plan for consideration , even though Ballmer offered to pay $ 150 million plus cost over - runs of a $ 300 million upgrade . Finally , it is not Stern 's fault there was no local group or individual willing to privately finance a new arena in Seattle . Again , blaming Stern seems like blaming the messenger for the message : the elements needed to support a NBA team , other than fan support , just were n't present in Seattle from 2006 to 2008 . art thiel . His ownership group had no chance with his plans , and everyone who knew a lick about politics told him so . The world changed on him and he failed to adapt . He bought a team in 2000 with a five - year - old arena that was becoming economically obsolete because of the NBA 's ridiculous compensation system . How is any of that the fault of Seattle ? ron . Ca n't blame Seattle for wanting private ownership to pick up most of the tab for any arena upgrade . Seattle may even be on the side of the angels in that regard . On the other hand , did n't the opposition to public funding extend way past rejecting Schultz 's plan ? Ballmer 's plan never even got considered . Is n't that the tragedy of the Sonics relocation : everyone did what they thought was right , and it created a situation where , in 2006 , no one in the Seattle area wanted to buy the Sonics from Schultz when he decided to sell . My heart goes out to the NBA fans in Seattle , who did everything they were supposed to do and the Sonics still relocated . Having said that , I have trouble seeing how Stern could have changed that outcome , as he could neither force Schultz to continue owning the team or force local buyers to take it off of Schultz 's hands . It sure seems like that without that local ownership group in 2006 , the Sonics were headed out of town , although I may be simplifying the situation too much . Matt712 . Ha ! Put Howard Schultz , David Stern and a 22 oz . bottle of Arrogant Bastard Ale in my head , and what do you get ? PokeyPuffy . Interesting stuff , quite different from other recent public statements from Stern that were more negative . Perhaps Stern is managing expectations ? art thiel . Stern will manage the situation to give him the greatest credit , no matter the cost to anyone . PokeyPuffy . Interesting stuff , quite different from other recent public statements from Stern that were more negative . Perhaps Stern is managing expectations ? art thiel . Stern will manage the situation to give him the greatest credit , no matter the cost to anyone . jafabian . I 've always felt for the NBA to come to Seattle that Stern had to go . His actions in handling the Sonics bid for an improved arena situation was counter to what he did elsewhere . He supported them moving to OKC but woudn't let the Hornets leave New Orleans . He says the league is n't interested in having any teams move but allows the Nets to move to Brooklyn . He wants a more international league but lets the Grizzlies move to Memphis . I get the impression he 's spinning his wheels . Personally , the Kings never should have left KC . Or Cincinnati for that matter . The Hornets never should have left Charlotte , the Jazz never should have left New Orleans and the Sonics ... well , never mind . Hopefully Silver will be more upfront in his dealings with people and represent the league in a more honest , consistent manner that Stern . In the past 8 or so years Stern seems to deal more with politicing than managing the NBA . Like it was a game to him and he certainly was looking out for number one all the time . I agree that Stern seems as enamored with Ballmer as Clay Bennett is of Stern himself . I doubt they 'd do it but the Maloof 's should take a page out of Chris Hansen 's book and bring in an Apple exec as a minority owner since that 's what 's needed to get on Sterno 's good side . jafabian . I 've always felt for the NBA to come to Seattle that Stern had to go . His actions in handling the Sonics bid for an improved arena situation was counter to what he did elsewhere . He supported them moving to OKC but woudn't let the Hornets leave New Orleans . He says the league is n't interested in having any teams move but allows the Nets to move to Brooklyn . He wants a more international league but lets the Grizzlies move to Memphis . I get the impression he 's spinning his wheels . Personally , the Kings never should have left KC . Or Cincinnati for that matter . The Hornets never should have left Charlotte , the Jazz never should have left New Orleans and the Sonics ... well , never mind . Hopefully Silver will be more upfront in his dealings with people and represent the league in a more honest , consistent manner that Stern . In the past 8 or so years Stern seems to deal more with politicing than managing the NBA . Like it was a game to him and he certainly was looking out for number one all the time . I agree that Stern seems as enamored with Ballmer as Clay Bennett is of Stern himself . I doubt they 'd do it but the Maloof 's should take a page out of Chris Hansen 's book and bring in an Apple exec as a minority owner since that 's what 's needed to get on Sterno 's good side . Tim . Art-\"The only hope is that Stern will be out of office by the time a team is shows up . \" Yes , it is a slimy business , but would n't the ultimate fan catharsis be the night Stern christened the new arena and welcomed back the Sonics ? I think the noise would trump the King Dome 's glory days . Tim . Art-\"The only hope is that Stern will be out of office by the time a team is shows up . \" Yes , it is a slimy business , but would n't the ultimate fan catharsis be the night Stern christened the new arena and welcomed back the Sonics ? I think the noise would trump the King Dome 's glory days . Art Thiel on KPLU . Kirsten Kendrick 's Q. & A. with Thiel can be heard every Friday during Morning Edition at 5:35am and 7:35am and again that same day on All Things Considered at 4:45pm . It also airs Saturday at 6:35am and 9:35am . "}
{"url": "http://www.girlscoutssa.org/volunteer/2009/04/what-are-the-journeys.html", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701158811.82/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193918-00205-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Breaking Out . FOR the women of Samagipura Garden the need to be away from their homes for part of the day to earn money - and the wish to see their children well cared for - led to the suggestion of starting a preschool in their Garden . After discussion at the Community Development Council , UNICEF was approached for help . At the next CDC meeting , the cost of the building , chairs , tables , and equipment was worked out with the people of the Garden . It was obvious that they could never hope to repay such a sum . \" Why do we need a building ? \" asked one of the mothers . \" Only to shade the children from the sun and shelter them when it rains , \" laughed one of the others . \" What 's wrong with the tree ? \" replied the first . In the corner of the Garden , a magnificent cong tree rises above the house and spreads its branches almost threateningly over the rough square formed by two houses and the Garden wall . \" Well , the tree is OK for shading from the sun , but what about when it rains ? \" \" How often does it rain and how much more does a building cost than a tree ? \" Before the question arose of where all the chairs , tables and other equipment would be kept , it was decided that these items too could not be afforded . Today , a few months after that initial discussion , permanent wooden benches form a square under the cong tree . The ground in the middle has been levelled , swept , and covered with natural coloured rush mats decorated with purple dyed diagonals . The wood for the benches cost $ 14 and they were made by one of the CDC members , as was the framed blackboard which is nailed to the trunk of the cong tree . Being permanently outside , the blackboard is sometimes difficult to chalk on if it has rained and dried out again . But a combination of soot from the kerosene lamps - and a rub over with half of an erandu fruit which grows wild nearby - soon restores its writing surface . As the children begin to assemble under the tree , the teachers carry out the boxes of playthings from their own homes . The three teachers , Rita , Merlin and Dhanawathie , were chosen by the mothers of the garden . Twice a week for four hours , they went to sit and watch the teachers at another preschool . Total training - ten days . \" We learned that teaching is not just about telling the children what to do , \" says Merlin , \" and we learned that playing is part of learning and growing up . What the child itself does we encourage with attention and time . For some of the morning , we have more formal teaching - the alphabet , the names of the colours or animals or foods , rhymes and songs and stories . It 's obviously an advantage for the children now , and it will make it easier for them when they go to school . It also helps the mothers and gives them time to cook and shop and take things to the market . The CDC collects a small amount from each of the mothers every month so that we earn something as well . \" The teachers move in to break up a fight occasioned by one of the boys who has accumulated all the bottle tops , about a hundred of them , in his own corner . Children and bottle tops are redistributed on the mat by one teacher whilst post - revolutionary tears are dried by the other . It 's ten o'clock now and the same firewood which has been boiling morning tea for the adults in the nearby houses is used to boil water for the vitamin enriched ' thriposha ' powder supplied by CARE . Mixed with a little sugar , the thriposha is rolled into a dumpling for each child . \" The children , of course , grumble about it , \" says one of the teachers . \" They want biscuits instead . \" \" We think our preschool is as good as any , \" sums up the teachers . \" It 's not the building and expensive toys that really count in a preschool . \" Samagipura 's preschool teachers , in their enthusiasm for and their relationship with the children , are as good as could be found anywhere . And the preschool in the slum has been started with a lot of work and virtually no money . The school is clearly of benefit to the children of this Garden - and the blackboard nailed to the tree is a symbol of pride , almost of defiance , for the whole community . About half a mile away from Samagipura is another pre - school . Inside , the advantages of buildings over trees seem more obvious again . It is very much cooler , the flies are conspicuous by their absence , and walls suddenly seem useful . Pinned up around the room are the children 's drawings , a collective mural , a complete set of coloured alphabet cards , and a height measurer in the shape of a giraffe . At the tables , some of the children are drawing and colouring with felt - tip pens on sugar paper or fitting different shaped pieces of wood into their corresponding holes . On the floor , toys are being put away - large wooden jigsaws , a sand box , paints , clay , coloured counters , plastic alphabet blocks . To the music from the record player in the corner of the building , the children begin to dance . They are of the same age group as the children of Samagipura . But they are taller and heavier , there are no listless ones ; and there are no sores on their legs . Outside , the rain begins to fall . THE basic services which the Colombo Project tries to bring to the city 's poor - whether it be water or nutrition education or pre - schools - are clearly a big improvement on no services at all . Inevitably , it is a question which comes closest to the surface in the most controversial aspect of the Project - the Community Development Councils . If the Colombo Project is to be a beginning of a better life for a significant number of people in the slums and shanties , then it is the people 's own organisations - the CDCs - which must be considered at the heart of the affair . The Project itself , as a formal and financial entity , may well come to an end in 1983 . The Health Wardens may move on to other Gardens or they may carry on doing the same work . If any future potential for continuing change resides in what has been achieved so far , then it resides in the question of whether the Community Development Councils take on an independent life - and with it the challenge of continuing to improve the lives of the slum dwellers . IN the efficient - looking air - conditioned office of the indistinguished lawyer Jehan K. Cassim , now Chairman of the Common Amenities Board ( CAB ) , the role of the Community Development Councils is being rather passionately discussed . It is the CAB to which a large part of UNICEF 's Colombo Project money goes and it is from this building that the contracts go out for the installation of toilets , washrooms and taps in the slums of Colombo . Despite that , it 's only since this government came to power in 1977 that we 've had the money - and the drive -to do anything about our mandate , and really start improving the amenities in the slums . Obviously , UNICEF 's money has paid for a lot of it . In the 300 Gardens included in the Colombo Project , all the costs of actually installing the facilities have been paid for by UNICEF . We 're on target with the installations , though work is slowing down now . What can you expect ? When the Colombo Project began two years ago , a bag of cement was 19 rupees . Today it is 80 rupees . For a mason ( builder ) you used to pay 10 rupees to 15 rupees in 1978 . Now it 's 50 to 60 rupees a day . And all the good ones have gone to the Middle East . Some of the ones who come to us saying they are builders ca n't put one brick on top , of another . We tried it . We tried it in one Garden . We were upgrading houses there , raising the heights of walls , putting on new ceilings . There were people who lived there who said they were masons or carpenters . So we employed them . We got nothing but complaints because the other people in the Gardens were jealous . They came to us and said that the man we were using as a carpenter was keeping all the best wood for his own house . The bricklayer was accused of making a better job of his friends ' houses . . . and so on . \" Things are more difficult to do in practice than they appear to be from the documentation . \" \" It 's absolutely impossible . We have inspectors who have to see the work and sign documents saying that it 's been done properly . The Community Development Councils and the people only say that to cover up for their own failure to maintain the facilities we 've installed . \" \" No , no , what happens is that the people in the Gardens wo n't allow the concrete to dry out before they start doing things like chopping firewood on it . Then they complain when it cracks . \" \" Or someone on the CDC will say to our contractor \" do this or that to improve my house , I 'm on the CDC \" . If our man refuses , they complain to us that the work has n't been done properly . \" \" I 'm disturbed about this . It happens , of course it happens . It happens in all countries , industrialised or developing , The people who make their ' cut ' are also usually quite poor . I have appointed a consultant to look into it \" . The CDCs , in general , get short shrift from the Common Amenities Board which considers that the people 's own organisations have yet to prove themselves:- . \" Community Development Councils and Health Wardens are fine on paper . But the Health Wardens do n't even concern themselves with all the garbage that 's lying about . And the Community Development Councils do n't even maintain the facilities we install - which is what they are supposed to be for . \" \" Frankly , there is no noticeable difference in the Gardens where there is a Community Development Council . The taps are still stolen , the water still runs all night . And there is still vandalism . Everyone 's keen on setting up Councils and Institutions and having seminars and symposia and evaluations and documentations and workshops and all the other U.N. jargon , but we do n't see it working efficiently . First let the Community Development Councils prove that they can do what they were set up to do - clean the toilets and the washrooms , stop the wastage of water , prevent vandalism and theft , keep the drains clean , and collect up the garbage . \" When they have done that it will be time to see what else they can do . In some of the Gardens the CDCs are working efficiently , but in general they are not making any difference . \" Also discussed is the question of exactly how many toilets , taps and washrooms are installed by the Common Amenities Board in each Garden - and who decides this . Under the Colombo Project approach , the Health Warden works with the Community Development Council to complete the application forms for communal facilities . In the process of doing this , the Health Warden advises the CDC on how many taps or toilets can realistically be provided . The request is then drawn up on the basis of the CDC ' s own knowledge of how many people live in the garden . Completing this form is normally the first major function of both Community Development Council and Health Warden . From the Gardens , the forms come to the Common Amenities Board and the facilities requested , ( if the numbers conform to the norms known by all parties in advance ) are installed . In practice , senior officials of the Common Amenities Board have no knowledge of the forms completed by the CDCs:- . \" We do our own survey of each Garden to find out how many houses and people are there . Then we install one toilet for every five houses , one bathroom for every eight houses , and one standpipe for every ten houses . That 's the basis on which we work - if there 's space . We do n't need the CDC 's forms . \" THE City of Colombo is divided , for administrative purposes , into six districts and 47 wards . There are slum Gardens in every ward , though a ward like Mahawatta has 99 per cent of its residents in shanties and tenements whilst Bambalapitiya has less than one per cent . To discuss the wider problems of the city 's slums and shanties , the Colombo Project envisaged that a representative from the Community Development Councils in each ward would meet at district level . \" Elected representatives from these district Councils meet monthly at the city level forming the City Community Development Council chaired by the Chief Medical Officer of Health of the Municipality \" says one of the Colombo Project 's foundation documents . In practice , that meeting between slum dwellers representatives and city level officials has never happened . The City Community Development Council does meet - but there is no - one there from the slums . THE room in which the City Community Development Council meetings are held is on the second floor at the front of Colombo 's impressive town hall . The meeting itself is supposed to have begun at 9.00 am , but it is now almost ten - o'clock and people are still arriving , . The city Medical Officer of Health , Dr. Trevor Pieris who is to chair the meeting , continues working at his desk in front of the windows . On the walls around him are bar - charts measuring the city 's birth and death rates and recording year - to - year the incidence of typhoid , cholera , chicken pox , dysentry , polio , whooping cough and diphtheria . One column , headed ' smallpox ' has fallen into disuse . \" I myself am not in favour of the Community Development Council Presidents being directly represented at his level \" says Dr. Pieris . \" The Garden Presidents meet at district Development Council meetings under the chairmanship of my six Medical Officers of Health . Any complaints or recommendations which they want to raise at the city level can therefore be brought to me here by the Medical Officers of Health . If the Presidents of the CDC 's come here themselves , they will only start talking and voicing their grievances and we would n't be able to get through our work . It 's not often that they get a chance to talk at this level and if they came here all of them would like to talk and it would be impossible for anyone to do a day 's work . \" More people are still arriving and greetings are being exchanged at the large refectory table where the meeting is to take place . Through the open windows , past ancient rubber plants , are the white pillars of the town hall facade and , beyond them , the well - watered lawns of Viharamahadevi Park . In general , Dr. Pieris does believe that the Health Wardens ' part in the Colombo Project has been a success . \" Our normal cadre of Health Inspectors , Nurses and Midwives were leaving because of lack of prospects and low pay . We were also under - staffed , and still are , on the health education side . The Health Wardens have helped us to overcome these shortages . Apart from preventative health and hygiene teaching , another of the important jobs they are doing is helping to organise the immunisations . By March of this year we have achieved at least 80 per cent coverage in 28 different slum Gardens . \" \" I 'm now in favour of keeping on training the Health Wardens and I think they should be allowed to carry thermometers , aspirins , paracetamol - not antibiotics . But there would be a lot of opposition ! \" The City Community Development Council meeting eventually gets under way with a formal reading of the minutes . In the hour that follows , the water works engineer is criticised because water supplies have still not been connected up to slum Gardens where the CAB have installed facilities some time ago . In turn , the water works engineer explains that this is because the CAB has been using unlicensed plumbers to do the job and that if the standpipe work is not done by a council - registered plumber then the council will not connect up the water supply . UNICEF 's Leo Fonseca then raises again the arguments for employing people who actually live in the slum Gardens to help with the job of installing the facilities . The representatives of the Common Amenities Board says that this is not the place to discuss it . \" One question I would like to raise \" says the Chairman , Dr. Pieris , \" is the problem of the hundred thousand school - age children in the slums . They have nowhere to study at home . There is no place at all where they can work . They roam around with others and get into mischief . How can we help ? Can we arrange any facilities in the schools after school hours ? Can we keep one or two classrooms open after school and during weekends or holidays ? Or would the community centres be better ? \" This kind of scheme , he is informed , can lead to problems and is properly the concern of the Ministry of Education . The Common Amenities Board replies by saying that the problems are exaggerated and that \" their whole motive is to get sewage connection at our expense . \" Behind the conference table , almost 300 red pins - each one representing a Community Development Council - are stuck into a map of the city of Colombo on the scale of 16 perches to the inch . The coarse chorussing of the jackdaws on the windowsill sounds loudly in the long room . AT the other end of Colombo , in the city 's fifth district , CDC Presidents from five of the eight wards are meeting . It is a Saturday evening . The elected slum - leaders are a mixed group . Some are automatic choices as Presidents by virtue of their being the richest person in the slum garden . Some may be the choice of the local patron who does not live in the garden at all , but holds sway over such decisions by his power of patronage . Some have been chosen by the slum dwellers because of their seniority in years of experience - and some because they are young , educated and impatient . In the slum Gardens represented here there is no doubt that things are beginning to happen . Garbage is being collected , facilities are being cleaned and maintained by the CDCs themselves ; money for repairs is levied from each home . In one , some of the older men are holding after school classes to teach English to the Garden school children . In another , the CDC has established a small fund , collected from each house , to enable children of the Garden to continue at school rather than dropping out if there is no money for exercise books or a pair of shorts . In most , nutrition demonstrations have been popular and effective . Films in English , less so . One Garden represented here almost went to war with the people of the adjacent slum before the CDC intervened . \" We had our new facilities , \" explains the President , \" but just over the wall in the next slum Garden there is no CDC and no amenities . Their people started climbing over the wall to use our toilets and taps and washrooms . It was very difficult Our facilities were n't built to be used by so many . Fights broke out every day . So we decided to let them use our facilities and at the same time to help them get organised and get their own facilities . Some of the people in our own Garden took some persuading . But it 's amazing the difference now in the relationship between us ! In the chair is the Medical Officer of Health for the district . The secretary for the district Community Development Council meetings is automatically the Assistant Health Education Officer for the district . Also present are Stephen Perera and UNICEF 's Leo Fonseca . We must meet more often and we must discuss things more openly , \" begins one of the Garden Presidents . \" This district Council is supposed to meet once a month . Yet we have n't met for over a year . Why have n't meetings been called ? That 's because you insist on having senior people from the Town Hall before you will have a meeting , \" says the Assistant Health Education Officer . \" Officials ca n't attend meetings every night of the week - you should be content to have Health Wardens at your meetings . We do n't mind the Health Wardens but they do n't have any power , \" says one of the Garden Presidents . \" We want to discuss our problems with people who can do something about them . The argument goes on , ending in a compromise that monthly meetings will be held with Health Wardens present and that officials like Health Education Officers will attend once a quarter . Soon , the meeting has turned to the ubiquitous question of the facilities which have been installed in the Gardens . With some , the problems are as few as the benefits are many . But one of the Presidents is now insisting that the Community Development Councils should have more control : Were the contractors supposed to demolish our old latrines and then build new ones using the same bricks ? \" he asks , \" or did they get money for new bricks from UNICEF ? We should be given the specifications for the job and it should be the CDC of the Garden which has to sign the papers saying it 's been done properly . And whoever is doing the job should n't get paid until we are satisfied that the job has been done properly . \" \" But you are not technically qualified to judge whether a job of that kind is done properly . \" \" Nonsense . We have skilled men in the Gardens who know about these things . \" \" But most of the men are away during the day - time when the jobs are being done . \" \" Yes , but even the women can tell that the cement mixer is putting in five cement to eight sand instead of five to three . Do n't talk to me about proficiency to judge . Come and look at the cracked floor . We are the ones who have to use the facilities all the time so really we are the only ones who are proficient to judge whether they are done right or not . And frankly , we know that a lot of the money is going to the contractors and others instead of going into the job itself . \" \" Yes , we should control it . In fact we could do the job ourselves . \" \" But you do n't have the qualified people in every Garden to do a job like that \" . \" No but this is a district level meeting we 're having now and there are lots of Gardens represented - if we pooled the skills in all the Gardens represented here then together we 'd have more than enough skills to do any job like that . \" IN a slum Garden somewhere near the Wellawatta elected officers of a slum Garden are sitting on a narrow verandah . One of them is speaking , a glowing cigarette end tracing the exact pattern of his argument as the dusk begins to fall . \" The trouble is that you have to write a hundred times before you get a reply , \" he concludes . The subject is two broken taps , two bathrooms unconnected to the water supply , and a growing mosquito problem . \" They wo n't reply , \" says one voice . \" What we need , \" says another , \" is higher people at our meetings . The Health Warden is OK , but there 's not much he can do . \" \" Does anybody know how we can get a loan to start a business in the Garden ? The bag - making plan would make money . We all know that It 's at least ten jobs . So why do n't we really try it ? Raise a loan and get on with it ? \" \" Maybe the CDC would be accepted as a guarantor ? \" \" Look , let 's get the taps fixed first . We have n't even got the money for that \" . \" Why should we pay for the taps . We all know why they 're broken in the first place . \" \" Look , \" says the man sitting on the floor next to the open brickwork of the verandah wall , \" we have to break out from projects and officials for all things like this . We have to organise it ourselves . Why are we asking the officials to call meetings for us all the time . We can call our own meetings . We can find out where the other Community Development Councils are and we can call meetings of our own . Whether the officials from the town hall attend or not is up to them . It 's pathetic to keep on saying we ca n't hold a meeting unless an official of a certain level is there . \" There is a long pause while hot sweet tea is served . Round the kerosene lamp a cloud of mosquitos is gathering . One of the men moves his chair away . \" I think we should try it , \" he says . \" I think so too . We 're supposed to represent all the people of these Gardens . That 's where the authority comes from . It 's not from how high the official is who happens to be there . \" New Internationalist reports on issues of world poverty and inequality . We focus attention on the unjust relationship between the powerful and the powerless worldwide in the fight for global justice . More about our work . \u00a9 Copyright New Internationalist 1973 - 2016 . Except where otherwise noted , content on this site is licensed under Creative Commons . Except where otherwise noted , images on this site are \u00a9 the attributed photographer / illustrator or representative agency . Top of page "}
{"url": "https://channel9.msdn.com/Forums/Coffeehouse/569338-Windows-Home-Server/eaa145b47a3d4af098839dea001f3242", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701162903.38/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193922-00049-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "The Curmudgeon . Thursday , April 30 , 2009 . A Poodle Sniffs Its Vomit , And Finds It Good . It is \" one of the untold success stories of recent years \" , so Tony is once again permitting his left hand to know that his right hand has been dispensing alms . \" Sierra Leone is thriving and tourists are returning \" . Tony says it , so it must be true . Tony has talked to entrepreneurs . Tony has been struck by their optimism . Tony has consulted Lonely Planet and found that Sierra Leone is \" one of their top ten to visit in 2009 \" . Better yet , you can fly there in six hours , thus helping to preserve Tony 's paradigm - busting , kaleidoscope - smashing legacy of helping the little brown people while saving the little blue planet . Almost sixty per cent of the little brown folk live on less than a dollar a day , so \" the challenge is immense . But so is the opportunity . Sierra Leone \" still needs to improve energy infrastructure and road networks ... and address skills shortages and corruption in the public sector \" , rather like Britain after Tony had finished with it . Sierra Leone must also \" tackle appalling maternal and child - health indicators \" , rather like Iraq after Tony had finished with it . Sierra Leone , \" with the commitment of its leaders , the determination of its people and the support of its friends \" , like God and Tony , \" has every prospect of a bright future \" . Tony says it , so it must be true . Wednesday , April 29 , 2009 . Almost A Fairly Proud Day For Democracy . Several dozen Labour MPs have joined with the Liberal Democrats and Daveybloke 's Cuddly Opportunists to inflict a welcome , if largely symbolic , defeat upon the Glorious Successor and his repellent Minister for Mature Debate , Phil Woolas . Hence , thanks to the Government 's trademark meanness of spirit , Nick \" Who ? \" Clegg has gained some welcome publicity , Daveybloke has had the chance to pose as a strict - but - fair Head Boy on immigration , and they 've both had a photo - opportunity with Joanna Lumley . Still , a sense of pleasant surprise that a narrow majority got it right this time is probably in order . Tuesday , April 28 , 2009 . The Personal is the Political . Zimerman is apparently annoyed at the Obama administration 's decision to maintain the missile defence shield boondoggle , which is designed to neutralise any threat to the United States from Iran by stationing missiles in central Europe and pointing them at Russia . Zimerman has also denounced the Guant\u00e1nomaly , but Britain 's leading liberal newspaper has traced the source of his indignation to a piano which was pre - emptively disassembled by zealous airport customs officials . He may also have been irritated at having to perform at a venue called Disney Hall . I certainly would have been . Monday , April 27 , 2009 . Saint George , Thou Shouldst Be Living At This Hour . The head of a corrupt , authoritarian and thuggish government has been snubbed by his Pakistani counterpart over the latest Terror Apocalypse That Was n't . The Glorious Successor proclaimed that the security forces had foiled a \" very big plot \" by arresting eleven Pakistanis and one person whom the British National Party would presumably consider chromatographically alien . All twelve men were released without charge after two weeks - half the time permitted for confessions to be beaten out of terrorism suspects - and nine of them were promptly deported , apparently for nothing worse than being inexpediently non - chargeable . The Pakistani deputy high commissioner has complained about British \" slurs \" that his country is a hotbed of terrorism ; an understandable reaction , given that the terror hotbed alert level in Britain is routinely cranked up to Severe : Hysterical whenever bad news needs burying . Sunday , April 26 , 2009 . Darzi 's Big Lotto Giveaway . The NHS will have to make \" efficiency savings \" of over two thousand million pounds this year , and will probably have its budget frozen before being finally and irrevocably privatised by Daveybloke 's Cuddly Conservatives a year or two from now . What better time , then , for Lord Polyclinic to take twenty million from the depleted funds and promise to dole it out in \" financial incentives \" for any health worker who can come up with an idea for slashing the budgets further ? \" We want everyone to be thinking about innovation , \" said Lord Polyclinic , \" because that is what will drive improvement \" , rather than anything silly like a rational allocation of resources . The Government claims ( or \" believes \" , as the Observer 's Whitehall telepath hath it ) that \" healthcare standards can continue to improve in a recession only if the 1.3 million NHS staff think constantly about ' innovation ' \" . The innovation in question must , of course , be innovation of the proper sort ; namely the kind from which Britain 's infrastructure , education , transport , building and energy industries have benefited for the past thirty years . It must not be the kind of backward - looking , stick - in - the - mud , Britishness - deficient innovation which could lead to the cancellation of the ID card scheme , the NHS database , the Afghan Crusade , the London Olympics or the Private Finance Initiative . It must be the sort of innovation which will enable the Government , at no extra expense , to police , poke , micromanage and bully such work - shy criminal underclasses as fat children , old people and those with long - term illnesses . Saturday , April 25 , 2009 . Titan Nicks Sunk . The empty suit at the Ministry of Incarceration and Deportation has dropped plans to build three Titan prisons , and has decided instead to build five supersized ones . From mythology to Macdonalds in less than eighteen months ; such is the glory of British justice . The Ministry said that the decision was a result of \" consulting widely and listening to all views \" , as all New New Labour decisions always are . Certainly , given the miraculous effects of ID cards and the national database , there can not have been any nasty , unconstructive thoughts at the Ministry that crime might rise as a result of the economic recession . Friday , April 24 , 2009 . Intelligence . Recorded and transcribed by P Challinor and a domestic extremist . There was a time , you know , back in the olden days , when people trying to gather intelligence used to record their victims , instead of being recorded by them . And believe me , we had to work for a living in those days . You could n't just put on a balaclava and slap a bit of duct tape on your shoulders and just steam in and kettle happily away . Or sit around all day watching television while your superiors told the press that the security cameras had n't been working in that particular district . Or even just pop onto a tube train and blow someone 's head off in broad daylight . You see , that is n't what intelligence is about . Intelligence is about gathering information , preferably without the information being displayed on nationwide television or the interthing within a few minutes of the cheese - in - charge toddling into Downing Street . Intelligence is about sort of finding things out , preferably without being found out yourself . There seem to be a few of our chaps who have it all a bit arse - about - face these days , if you ask me . In my day it was completely the other way round . I remember being approached at Cambridge - one of my tutors came up from behind and gave me a bit of a poke . Asked me if I wanted to serve my country or whether I 'd prefer to have the photographs all over the Evening Standard . Well , naturally I said I was as patriotic as the next chap , and before I knew it I was a mole for the KGB , happily burrowing into the lesser functionaries of the Wilson politburo . But the point is , about those photographs , I did n't know they 'd been taken . Not a peep did I hear about them until my tutor presented me with the blow - ups , if that 's the word I 'm after , and gave me that moral dilemma . It 's all a matter of education , you see . Education and intelligence sort of go together , always provided the good breeding is there to start with , of course . Ca n't expect some oik who 's been grown in the laboratories of the social sciences to make the best of a proper schooling . And as for the boys in blue , well really . Do n't they realise that the whole point of a cover - up is that you 're supposed to do it before the embarrassment becomes public ? It is n't much good covering up if you 're standing in the headlights with your trousers round your ankles , your foot in your mouth and your shame spattered across all fifty billion lanes of the information superhighway , now is it ? No point sticking a cork in your rectum after the condom 's split , I mean . I say , that thing is turned off , is n't it ? Thursday , April 23 , 2009 . Real People Suffering Too . The chairman of Barclays has apologised to shareholders for the fact that the value of shares can go down as well as up . Marcus Agius told a packed AGM that the Barclays board felt \" sincere regret \" for the hardship which can result from an uncontrolled , societally endorsed gambling habit . The chief executive , John Varley , said that Barclays was determined to display \" responsible corporate citizenship \" with a rapid return to traditional usury and bailiff opportunification strategies . \" We must behave constructively to help our customers and clients as they cope with the economic downturn , \" Varley said . The Government is likely to be pleased by the promise that Barclays will continue to lend money at a profit to people who may have difficulty paying it back because of the recession Barclays has helped to cause . Shareholders are also angry because Barclays cancelled its final dividend for last year , causing an unprecedented humanitarian catastrophe as millions of speculators moved into cardboard boxes and sent their children out to beg . Wednesday , April 22 , 2009 . The Innocent Have Almost Nothing to Fear . All twelve of the terror suspects in the Very Big Plot against the Poodle Archipelago have now been released without charge because there was insufficient evidence to detain them for further questioning , let alone try them . Nine were \" given their freedom \" or , in Standard English , handed over to the Border Agency for discreet disposal . Ten of the twelve had student visas , which has led to an outcry over the fact that the visa system contains loopholes which allow abuse by vicious foreign fiends who enter the country to be found not guilty of illegal activities . The Government reacted as usual , introducing \" tougher measures \" which will doubtless tighten the loopholes into a noose for the neck of any education tourist who thinks he can just come over here and be taught things . One of the twelve is British , which may possibly stand in the way of his deportation even though the British government has asked the Pakistani government nicely for reassurances that none of the others will be tortured . Still , it is very considerate of Gordon 's little Darling to announce his latest round of cooked figures and half - measures today , thus saving British law and justice from further embarrassment until tomorrow . Tuesday , April 21 , 2009 . The Bozza and the Rozzer . The London Haystack has done the public 's confidence in the police the great honour of placing it on a par with his own . On the contrary , \" I think the overwhelming majority of people in this city and this country understand the particularly difficult situation [ the police ] face when being asked to provide security in a demonstration such as the G20 \" . Self - evidently , the inability to deal competently with a difficult situation is not something that would cause a lack of confidence in a police force ; especially a police force with the Met 's fortunate combination of crippling allergy to the truth and catastrophic ineptitude when lying . Stephenson also said that it was \" absolutely unacceptable for any police officer who should have identification numbers on not to have those identification numbers on \" ; however , \" there needs to be a context here . That operation was one of the most complex policing operations that 's ever been undertaken - protecting multiple heads of state \" . It is not clear whether this is intended to mean that what is absolutely unacceptable in one context may be pretty much acceptable in a more complex context , or whether the two statements were simply thrown together because they sounded nicer that way . Monday , April 20 , 2009 . Hitler Hitler Hitler Hitler Hitler Hitler Hitler Hitler . That gifted entertainer , the President of Iran , has commemorated Hitler 's hundred and twentieth birthday in fine style , by causing the British ambassador to the UN in Geneva to flee from the room in order to avoid moral contamination . Representatives from several European countries joined the mainland in making a strategic retreat for the triumph of truth , democracy and the Righteous State ; so it appears that lessons have been learned from the Second World War after all . He also foamed that the Righteous State , which has turned Gaza into a concentration camp and launched massive armed attacks on Lebanon , is in some way \" cruel and oppressive \" . To say that a state should be got rid of is not the same thing as saying that a country should be wiped off the map or a people exterminated . The apartheid South African state has vanished from the page of history , and the Afrikaners are still with us . The French state founded in 1946 was eliminated in 1958 and replaced with a new one ; to the best of my knowledge , it was not found necessary to drive anyone into the English Channel in the process . Sunday , April 19 , 2009 . The Beast . A foolish article in the Observer shows once more that , even with the greatest research tool in the history of mankind at his disposal , the great British journalist can not dispense with his traditional recourse to smirking sensationalism and schoolboy inaccuracy . The subject of the article is Aleister Crowley , admittedly a flamboyant figure and not a man over - addicted to letting the truth take the place of a good scandal . In fact , Crowley was a far more interesting figure than the Wheatleyesque bogeyman conjured up by Paul Kelbie and the romantics of Boleskine Bay . He had a genuine and sizeable religious talent , which he seems to have pursued with a good deal of honesty and dedication ( and self - publicity and crankery ) . He was an accomplished mountaineer and , when not blowing raspberries at the establishment or indulging his not inconsiderable ego , a talented writer . Saturday , April 18 , 2009 . Agent of Chaos . I 'm glad I did it , says man who wrecked confidence in Britain 's anarchist containment industry . The financial meltdown inducement resource who breached anti - terrorism guidelines by filming the police handling of Ian Tomlinson has been gloating from the safety of his New York spider - hole . The terror potential visualisation perpetrator , whose extradition Gordon Brown is understood to lack the guts to ask for , said he was \" glad \" he came forward to help destroy the reputation of the finest police force in the world . \" It 's possible Mr Tomlinson 's death would have been swept under the rug otherwise , \" he said , displaying a suspicious knowledge of the workings of the Home Office , the Metropolitan Police and the Independent Police Complaints Commission . The credit crunchability exacerbation manager 's comments are likely to further inflame public opinion against barrels of good apples doing a difficult job under considerable circumstances , besides undermining the idea that the camera never lies . Scotland Yard said its thoughts were with the family of Ian Tomlinson . The Metropolitan Police tried to protect the family from undue grief by attacking the Guardian for publishing evidence which contradicted their account of Tomlinson 's attack of cardiac coincidentalism . The officer responsible for turning Mr Tomlinson into an incident has been interviewed by investigators from the IPCC . The officer is on sick leave at the moment , though it is not clear whether this is because of the bottles which were not thrown at him or the violence which was not inflicted on him . Friday , April 17 , 2009 . Old Reliable . Britain 's vibrant political culture is still alive and vibrating , according to another of those pointless polls . A third of Britons \" do not trust any politician at all \" ; while the Glorious Successor is trusted by twelve per cent , and Daveybloke and the London Haystack rate a fifth each . In a society of Sun and Mail readers , unfortunately , we are left with little alternative but to assume that a fifth of respondents really do believe that Daveybloke and the London Haystack are more trustworthy than Gordon Brown . If confirmation were needed , fifty - three per cent of respondents said that the Queen was the public figure they trusted most . The Queen 's most significant political function is to sit in Parliament once a year and read out a speech written by the party in power . The party in power is that of Gordon Brown . Thursday , April 16 , 2009 . Naughty Nurse . Recession - weary health industry customers were gladdened today by reports that at least one excessive public - sector wage will be paid no more . A nurse , Margaret Haywood , has been struck off the register for helping BBC 's Panorama to expose neglect of elderly patients at the Royal Sussex Hospital in Brighton . The panel which found Haywood guilty of misconduct admitted that \" conditions on the ward were dreadful \" , but noted that patients ' confidentiality should be kept sacred , especially \" in circumstances where their dignity was most compromised \" by those entrusted with preserving it . Haywood claimed that she had raised her concerns with two unnamed managers , \" but nothing was really taken on board \" . In what many will see as another sign of NHS failure to adapt to market forces , Haywood has been a nurse for twenty years , rather than being Damian Green . It is thought to be at least arguable that many whistleblowers have contributed substantially to their own downfall by not being highly influential and well - heeled Members of Parliament . Since the Israeli government did not choose to interpret it as an adverse comment on conditions in the occupied territories , the Panorama programme was aired in July 2005 . Wednesday , April 15 , 2009 . Heavy Water . The Lower Miliband has decreed that \" nuclear power is part of the low - carbon future for Britain \" , and he wants people to log onto the Government 's website so that they can explain why the new generation of Sellafields should be in somebody else 's backyard . Tuesday , April 14 , 2009 . Candid Camera . Well , here 's a thing : the Independent Police Complaints Commission has discovered that its chair , Nick Hardwick , said the thing that was not when he claimed that there were no CCTV cameras in the area where Ian Tomlinson was assaulted . The IPCC became acquainted with the existence of the cameras after pictures of them were published , which speaks well for its openness to new evidence if not for its investigative talents . It appears , then , since lying is out of the question , that Hardwick belongs either to the Boris Johnson school of hands - off ( or \" oblivious \" , as it is also known ) management , or to the Cressida Dick school of operational competence . Friday , April 10 , 2009 . Normal Service Will Be Resumed . Those of you who notice things may possibly have noticed that posting has been , of late , less daily than usual . Not every day , anyhow . I should finish the first draft over the weekend , depending on whether bloody - mindedness conquers laziness or the other way around . There will be no further bloggery until I get the little bastard done . Meanwhile , since there 's a recession , you might consider buying a copy of my previous opus . Though short , it has virtually everything the discerning reader might wish for , including ghosts , Nazis and the London Tube . It takes place in April 1989 , so if you hurry you might receive your copy by the twentieth anniversary of the climax ; and if you download it you could be reading it on the twentieth anniversary of something that took place a bit earlier . Not only that , but I have other opera , too . Go ahead and treat yourself . It 's Easter , after all . Wednesday , April 08 , 2009 . The Lord Blessed the Latter End of Job . The sixteenth Daddy Goodspeak and his brother in Christ , Silvio Berlusconi , have joined to comfort those afflicted by the L'Aquila earthquake . Berlusconi said that those made homeless by the disaster should view their temporary accommodation as \" like a weekend of camping \" . After all , \" They have medicaments . They have hot food . They have shelter for the night \" , and therefore lack for nothing , except some real estate whose value was probably dropping anyway . Evidently he has more important things to do at the moment . Monday , April 06 , 2009 . Economic Hole Not Yet Black Enough to Swallow Advertising Industry . Yes , the advertising industry sees a glimmer of confidence . So , while we may not have enough jobs , homes , energy , food , water or credit , it appears that we will continue for the foreseeable future to have a plentiful supply of advertising . Sing heigh - ho and keep your chin up for the noose . Sunday , April 05 , 2009 . Police Apologise Over Death of Non - Protester . City of London Police and the journalists who transcribe their press releases have issued \" a full and unreserved apology for any distress that may have been caused \" by inaccurate reports about the death of Ian Tomlinson during the G20 protests . Although police initially claimed that protesters threw bottles at them while they were trying to aid and comfort the dying man , it turned out that this was either a perceptual error or a pious untruth of the kind popularised by Sir Michael Wright . Eyewitnesses are now claiming that Tomlinson was caught between the protesters and the police who were attempting to prevent them lynching the entire suit population of the City . One witness stated that Tomlinson \" was rushed from behind by a riot officer with a helmet and shield two or three minutes before he collapsed \" . This witness is an experienced press photographer , rather than a protester , but her statement is suspiciously similar to statements made by protesters . The photographer noted that Tomlinson \" was not a mouthy kid or causing problems \" , although it is not clear whether he was wearing a bulky jacket , performing unauthorised leaps or otherwise inviting death . A spokesbeing for the IPCC said : \" It would really make our job easier if the police and the press could co - operate a bit more on cobbling their stories together . Then perhaps they would n't fall apart in less than a day or two . \" Friday , April 03 , 2009 . Where There 's Ass There 's Brass . The chairbeing of the Other Party for Business and Immigrant Control has undergone a Damascene conversion following a performance on the BBC 's Question Time that caused embarrassment even to the chairbeing of the party that includes George Osborne , Chris Graybeing and the London Haystack . Pickles now believes that the point he made was \" trivial \" ; or , in Standard English , not advantageous . Since he has \" never done that and would never dream of doing that \" , presumably Eric Pickles can oppose such heinous practices without causing too much inconvenience in the life of Eric Pickles , beyond the nearly insurmountable but courageously faced one of doing his job . Wednesday , April 01 , 2009 . Sense and Absence . The photographs displayed here are deeply moving , brilliantly conceived and superbly executed . They are part of an exhibition called Absences , by an Argentine photographer named Gustavo Germano , and each of them is worth a good deal more than any thousand words I could produce . I confess to a certain discomfort at the idea that the Argentine dictators ' war on their critics has \" been described as genocide ; the calculated extermination of dissidents \" . Genocide is the extermination of a people , a nation or a culture , as attempted by the Hutu against the Tutsi , the Nazis against the Jews , the Turks against the Armenians , the Europeans against the native Americans and the British against the Tasmanians . Dissidents are not a people , a nation or a culture . The calculated extermination of dissidents is not genocide . It 's tyranny , oppression , state terrorism , state kidnapping , torture and murder . Is that not enough ? I suppose it is possible that Jacqui Smith believes in a dissident genome , but unless its existence can be demonstrated by more reliable sources I fail to see why anyone should find it necessary to describe a crime by referring to it as a different crime . Even as a metaphor , such as might be thought clever by certain postmodernist commentators and their groupies , the proposition is inane ; one might just as sensibly describe burglary as bank robbery . They 're both species of theft , and all honest taxpayers are bankers now . "}
{"url": "https://tugster.wordpress.com/2012/01/31/saltwater-colors-2/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701999715.75/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195319-00312-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Whither Planet 3.0 ? Michael Tobis , editor - in - chief of Planet3.0 and site cofounder , has always been interested in the interface between science and public policy . He holds a doctorate from the University of Wisconsin - Madison in Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences where he developed a 3-D ocean model on a custom computing platform . He has been involved in sustainability conversations on the internet since 1992 , has been a web software developer since 2000 , and has been posting sustainability articles on the web since 2007 . Rob writes : . I have n't stopped in here much lately but posted in my blog this evening ( on a topic to be detested by many here ) and saw the tweet linking to it from P3 come up . I wandered by and saw almost the identical topics that were here last time I visited . I did n't even note many new comments in the threads that I 'd read . I was going to go to the open thread and ask if both the publishers and the audience are losing interest and saw that there were comments in the \" It 's your Planet ! \" section and clicked on that . Martin says that he 's \" a bit disappointed , half jokingly , that [ Mr. Greer has n't ] found this place earlier . \" I wonder what can be done to spread the site 's influence farther and make it more active . I have n't gone to Alexa to assess its activity ( not my job , you know ? ) but it feels like it 's ... dying a bit . I know that I have n't contributed articles as I told Michael I would at one point , so the blame rests in part with me . I seem to have enough trouble coming up with topics ( and the time to pursue them ) in my blog . And though my readership is tiny , keeping it up is important to me . I would suggest that , for those who are interested in this site , we put our heads together to find ways to keep it fresh and active . I 'd commit to some number of proposed articles per month but I 'd likely be over - promising . But I find it an interesting enough site that it would sadden me to see it atrophy so I 'd like to find some way to contribute to which I could commit and follow through . Maybe my perception is off , if so , I 'll be glad to hear it . Thanks , Rob . Let me reassure everyone who may be wondering that I am doing fine ; better , indeed , than in years . And for those who actually enjoy and/or appreciate my writing , I am happy to promise that despite the recent hiatus , there is more to come . Dan has put together some novel WordPress features that would enable a multi - author site . That is , we have a setup where authors can set moderation rules for their own threads without getting sitewide privileges . I can see this space being worthy of exploration . What other notable efforts are there to build a responsible conversation about the future ? How can we effectively discuss a world where climate is one of an array of existential threats , every one of which we need to address ? What role , if any , should Planet3.0 play in the current internet context ? What other internet - based projects can we contemplate to advance public understanding and engagement in the complexities we face ? Share this : . Comments : . I 'm a very frequent visitor , though there has n't been much to see of late . It seems there has been plenty of interesting climate news that deserves to be discussed in a place like this . certainly I often wonder how you 'd be commenting , Michael . I do n't know what the answer is for the site , unfortunately . It would be nice to have a place to read about interesting research being published in the field , as well as the broader questions that Planet 3 seemed to want to be about , concerning life on Earth in the next century generally . That takes contributors and sustained effort , of course . For my part , even Real Climate is n't publishing nearly enough . There 's always stuff going on over at Climate Etc . , though . I need to share some of the blame here . I have n't had the time to write nearly as many articles as I would have liked . It seems the central issue getting holding Planet3 back is its limited audience . A big reason might be what Annalee Newitz calls the valley of ambiguity . A lot of what Planet3.0 has published ( and a lot of what I find interesting ) falls right in that valley , and thus does n't get shared nearly as much as I would hope . Ultimately I think the viewpoints Planet3.0 brings to the table are incredibly valuable but they languish in obscurity . The larger question is how to build a sustainable publication that published articles that fall into the valley of ambiguity and target a more technical audience . How do we achieve critical mass for a discussion platform that does n't get bogged down by denial , trolls and ideologues . I wish I had an answer . For my own part I hate the format of the page . I was a follower of \" Only In It For the Gold \" . and if you wished to see any new content if could not have been easier to find : the new content was at the top of the page . For me at least I do n't know how to tell at a glance it there is nothing new to see or not . The commenting system discourages participation . Comment moderation takes way too long . Requiring name and email to post seems sufficient , backed up by deleting the trollish stuff . The recent comments bar needs to be up top somewhere . \" Honest , wide - ranging , scientifically informed conversation about sustainable technologies and cultures , toward a thriving future \" I like more emphasis on the science itself . I think there 's still lots of important material that gets little attention . But also , looking over the current front page , how many of the posts even relate to \" sustainable technologies and cultures \" ? Agreed about the confusing front page . Plus the lack of dates is glaring . How long was that light bulb article up front ? RC manages to draw eyeballs even with a low post volume , but they 're the only example of such that I know of . One thing that would help get more and better responses would be to have some kind of WSIWYG editor for comments . Many of us are completely incapable of using HTML tags and attributes properly and it is frustrating not being able to post embedded links , block quotes and graphics easily . And if it were possible to edit or delete a comment shortly after posting it , that would be helpful , too . If you want a good quality discussion , with nicely laid out comments with graphics , it would encourage your commenters and your readers if posting were easier . We need a site like this ; one that 's well moderated and that encourages intelligent debate . Turns out that one is hard , harder than the dates one , anyway . At least in WordPress . AIUI . You 're not the first to ask for that . We will front burner it if we proceed . I agree that encouraging intelligent debate ( really , intellignet discourse where respectful disagreement is not just tolerated but welcome ) is the main point . I do n't see how the world gets out of this mess without actually engaging on our disagreements . Perhaps it would help to try a game of contrasts . What would you like the site to do that Skeptical Science or Real Climate or Climate Etc . do n't ? Do you want to get into the kind of things that David Brin and other ' futurists ' talk about ? Do you fancy anthropology and the history of science ? How about technical or scientific developments outside of climatology ? Do you want to talk policy ( my brother is a solar energy policy specialist up in Minnesota . perhaps I could prevail upon him to do a piece on what they 're doing with feed - in tariffs for roof PV there ? ) That could be a way of getting different opinions out there without confusing things together too much for one blog . Might there be utility for a wiki ? A list of recommended resources ? What about interested amateurs ? I 'd enjoy writing some things , but I 'd be as interested in peer feedback and discussion for my own edification as anything else . Is there room for that sort of thing ? Perhaps a simple RSS feed facility for links that members find interesting ? There 's certainly enough happening in twenty - first century science and culture and politics to be worthy of note for those interested in holistic knowledge of forces shaping our civilization . I have often been embarrassingly prominent for long periods of time in \" recent comments \" . Comments should be processed at least on a daily basis to reach a larger audience . Many people even a few hours delay quite personally , but several days can add irrelevance to annoyance . As to when people might have time and energy to produce new material , it depends on their lives and is not always possible . I 've had a few thoughts , though I suspect that , if they could be and were carried out at all , would primarily satisfy me . As a start though , I agree with earlier commenters in many ways ( though I 'm unclear as to Mr. Fuller 's comment ) . I do think that dating is important so that it 's easy to know if something new is added . As to moderation delays , some sites moderate the first or first couple comments and then let them in immediately if the first ones meet guidelines . You can always put them back in moderation and remove objectionable stuff . The ability to edit or delete one 's own comments would REALLY help . As to me : I 'd think the site 's ostensible approach is unique and valuable . All would have the \" Honest , wide - ranging , scientifically informed conversation about sustainable technologies and cultures , toward a thriving future \" emphasis that I think makes the site special . Perhaps , with categories , a commitment to add something new to at least one of them , say , every other day . I realize that that would have a dramatic impact on the amount of work that goes into the site and it might result in me being the only one who liked it but you asked for ideas and those are mine . How about asking for permission to publish interesting and pertinent articles from books and magazines ? The article is entitled \" How to Reduce the Population with Differential Equations . \" I think the article would be an excellent fit here . By the way , I heartily recommend the whole book . I was going to ask \" What is P3 's mission ? \" but I see above that it is \" Honest , wide - ranging , scientifically informed conversation about sustainable technologies and cultures , toward a thriving future . \" This is , IMO , over - broad , translating to \" Stuff that 's not PR \" . I 'd like to see a post soliciting comments on what we think is needed in a climate / sustainability website , the current ( non - P3 ) existence of which we 're either not aware of , or have forgotten . ( And Steve B , it is possible that the milieu of unmoderated commenters is less benign than you realize . ) Agreed that it 's hard to see at a glance what 's new . I 'd prefer a slimmed down , more compact representation . Also more pointers to articles within P3 's mission that are online elsewhere . I did n't suggest that comments be unmoderated . There are various approaches to moderation that reduce the delay problem adequately , one of which was suggested above . I mentioned after - the - fact removal of problematic comments , but that has the drawback of requiring close attention . WYSYWIG editors are problematic . Not so much because of WordPress , but they just generally produce bad HTML . It might look ok today but if the site gets a visual redesign all that bad WYSWSG generated HTML can come back to haunt us . This is true of the comments and even some of the articles we have published here . I do try and clean up some of the bad HTML I see in the articles . I 'd say worry less about the exact mission or niche it 's aiming for and concentrate on producing content . I do n't think the content will self - organise in quite the way P3 might have wanted - giving people membership rights and the ability to post is n't enough . We could do with some strategies for producing it . Someone else ( whose comment I now ca n't find ) said they 'd write something and did n't - I 've done exactly the same , maybe three times . Vague offers need to get turned into writing . There could be various ways of encouraging this , but I reckon the main thing is worrying less about the tech part and more about people interacting . A small example and an actual request : I 've offered and failed to write book reviews . I 'm currently reading Diane Coyle 's GDP : an affectionate history . It 's brilliant and has a lot to say about P3 concerns . If I can get one other volunteer to read it , I 'll agree to write up a P3-focused review for a month 's time and that person ( or people ) can then chip in . If we had pairs of people doing that , it 's not beyond silly to have a P3-style peer book review once a fortnight . The point of that : peer pressure . If I know someone else is reading it to a deadline , I 'll have to produce the piece of writing . We need more of that . There could even be a little ongoing table of promised articles , draft dates , published dates and Assigned Cajoler ... maybe , just a thought , but something more structured and human and possibly even a bit top - down . Happy to brainstorm other ways of doing this , but those are my suggestions . And maybe asking for a list of topics , knocking up some dates etc . . We just need to get some content going - the rest , I suspect , will take care of itself . If it 's a matter of inflexibility of the software stack , there 's always Drupal . I 'm working on putting together a Drupal site at work , and the software is more than rich enough to set up on your virtual host , with lots and lots of options . I 'd be interested in helping out with that . I say that knowing that I had committed to looking at doing some Python for you before that I did n't come through on , of course . I do n't have a lot of drupal experience , but I am not inclined to go in that direction . Once you hit that level of complexity / flexibility I think other ( non - php ) options start looking more attractive . Be it Django , Rails or Node.js . I 'd largely agree with Dan O , particularly about this : the main thing is worrying less about the tech part and more about people interacting . I do n't think there 's anything majorly wrong with the format and I ca n't see that any community who 's success is dependent on superficial formatting issues could be sustainable . I also like the sound of the book club idea . Something I 'd like to see more of , though I can see that you might be reluctant to do it , is more opinion from Michael and Dan M. One of the reasons I come here is because I trust the judgement of our hosts ( and many other regular commenters here ) and I want to see what they have to say . I wo n't always agree with it , but then it would be pointless if I did and of course I 'm more likely to adjust my opinion than change others ' as a result . I 'm always interested to see your takes on the current teacup storms and real news stories , so maybe more regular brief commentaries on these ? Most of all I want to see challenging discussion , but not falsely challenging . Might it be possible to set up something like the Climate Dialogue dialogues , but without the need to polarise quite so obsessively , and perhaps something more solutions - based than science - based ? I like drupal because it is relatively turnkey , with complete cms functions that can be administered through the web interface . There are others along the same lines . I 'd not recommend going down to a framework level unless there was a compelling reason to do a full custom setup . What I see lacking , since nobody asked me , is a reality - based site ( online or off ) for addressing tough questions on sustainability as it pertains to emissions reduction and societal values and plain old practicality . Does Planet3.0 's \" sustainable technologies and cultures \" also include considering the projected impacts of various sustainability policies ? For example , urban water use , particularly in a drought . Inside : on the one hand we 're asked to cut indoor water use , on the other I read somewhere ( sorry for the quality of this citation ) that ( technologically speaking ? ) we 're near the limit of waste plumbing 's tolerance , low flow wise . At what point does investing in further technologies for cutting indoor water use no longer make sense ? And at what point does diverting graywater for outdoor uses no longer make sense ? Outside : How does the scarcity ( and high embodied GHG emisiions ) of drinking water square with promoting urban agriculture , given that most water for it would come from the drinking water system ( whose treatment & transport entail substantial GHG emissions ) ? A certain amount of urban ag is good for quality of place , which is good for a low - C future ( since it makes the low - C choice , living in cities , more attractive ) , but at what point is ' more ' urban agriculture no longer better ? LEED . How useful is LEED in reality , when you can get LEED approval for building a structure that 's massively construction - resource - inefficient and high in embodied GHG emissions ( too much concrete , inefficient use of space ) for the degree of \" function \" it provides ? And that is n't centrally located , so entails high transportation costs for its users ? How do we get the idea of sustainability and \" greening \" back on track , when implementations of it are ( often ) not only concrete - rich , but citizen - hostile ? ( Minor example : \" natural \" landscaping features that constrict needed sidewalk width ) . How do we deal with the conundrum that a whole lot of emissions - reduction policy will impinge on profits , variously positive and negative , on ( and thus entail rubbing shoulders with , or rubbing the wrong way ) an industry that 's notorious for corruption ? Or the conundrum that smart cities are monitored cities , with - if the security aspects are n't REALLY carefully addressed , and I have no clue how how that would be done - potential disturbing opportunities for targeting citizens that one monitor or another deems undesirable ? And WHEN do we deal with these things , given that biting off more than we can chew is a recipe for paralysis , and paralysis is exactly what we ca n't afford ? Are there times that even voicing such questions is counterproductive , and if so , realistically , when is better , since without addressing them we just get further off track with such \" green \" efforts ? ( And how do you know when , in voicing such questions , you 're just acting as a tool for interests that may not have future peoples ' best interests at heart ? ) And at what point should someone who is utterly clueless about strategy just go back to his or her knitting , when the issue has consequences as monumental as this one has . ( It 's a good thing that hope is renewable ) . Establish a mechanism to allow more vigorous discussion . I say this in a constructive way -- you are all members of the choir . Invite someone who disagrees with you to post in a section called Minority Report . Do n't moderate it . It will bring you new readers . There is too much good content here to waste it the way you do -- and again , I mean that constructively . It 's been a while since I read it , but it seems to me that a lot of these questions you are asking a addressed quite effectively by Amory Lovins in ' Factor Four ' . I 'm aware he 's not everyone 's fave flavor right now , but do n't let that put you off . Hard to comment on your water issue , since resource management in this context has to be in terms of local circumstances . As far as ' what is the greenest way to live in the modern world / US / Britain ? ' the answer again will probably depend on the geographical context . How do we deal with the conundrum that a whole lot of emissions - reduction policy will impinge on profits , variously positive and negative , on ( and thus entail rubbing shoulders with , or rubbing the wrong way ) an industry that 's notorious for corruption ? A discussion of carbon taxes , and the likelihood of getting one through a Congress in which 161 members have signed the Koch - backed no carbon tax ( unless it is revenue - neutral ) pledge , would be interesting . Thanks for replying OPatrick . Just another thought on the ' people interacting ' thing : I think skepticalscience do a basic ' peer review ' , or more mundanely , ' checking each other 's work before posting ' . That does n't seem to happen here . I 've read many posted articles with typos and mushed up paras that a second reader would have picked up . To me , this would be a useful bare minimum for a writing community : having at least one person on hand to read a draft , both for substantive comment to improve before posting and for typos . I 'd be happy to proof any drafts anyone wants to post before they go live . I am disappointed to have posted the last comment here . I hope you all will hurry over to Neven 's and then to the story link and read it as soon as you can . It 's a gripping read and though no doubt the science could be improved ( and there are other complexities not mentioned ) it gave me a cauld grue ( shivers , havers ) . I am increasingly indifferent to the kerfuffle - du - jour . Various BS from the usual purveyors thereof seem to me to be misallocations of attention . Calling attention to them by mocking and/or refuting seems to go nowhere in improving people 's actual understanding of our bizarre circumstances . I do n't object to others playing that game on P3 - if it brings traffic in , so be it . But do n't look at me - I 've paid my dues on that front . And I think McPherson delenda est . But enough people are taking on Lomborg , so I lack enthusiasm for the task . This is sort of tragic . Other than my increasing ennui with the climate soap opera , I would write more if I were merely blogging . But P3 as currently formatted limits me to two types of piece - long form articles and \" Beyond \" pieces linking elsewhere . For a while I was trying to force a long article out of myself every week - with Dan 's occasional contributions and occasionally from Susan ( and I have one in the queue from Fergus ) it kept the place lively . Nobody seemed to understand the purpose of the smaller articles in \" Beyond Planet 3 \" which was to highlight interesting items elsewhere on the web and kick off discussions with reference to them . I 've made a few attempts to get others to contribute there to little avail , though lively conversations sometimes do ensue there . P3 has re - run articles from other web sites on occasion , but I really dislike that idea of how to use the web . Typically this fragments the conversation , and often the authors fail to participate in the ongoing give and take , which also makes things worse . We could move the \" beyond \" section above the fold in the next redesign . But it 's mroe important just to have more stuff . If we take the plunge to do a redesign of the guts , I am open to Python or JS / Node frameworks only . Or somebody else needs to run the show . Would love to have somebody local to work on this with , Jon , but it has to be fun . Other people 's content management is just bureaucracy , and any custom add - ins are hell to produce and flatly impossible to properly test . If that 's a reply to me ( I have trouble with my nestings ! ) - fancy reading that GDP book ? It 's much less dull than it sounds ! Or you could suggest another book . I think you 'll find Coyle 's book on GDP a good foil for bringing up a bunch of P3-type questions , particularly around global management and how we ended up with the warped system we now use . We need articles that can snowball new topics - there 's just got to be some pushing uphill for a bit . Relatedly , this is ( so far , I 'm only 15 mins in ) a very interesting chat between Dougald Hine and Christopher Webster . I disagree with the way Dougald 's argument is going , but it 's the right kind of conversation . Hmm . I 'm failing to see where I suggested that . My suggestion is to recruit / solicit such authors to produce new material for this site . Your emphasis is different than the home sites of those I mentioned and , for the matter of that , of any site of which I 'm aware . That 's why it 's valuable after all . Do you think that it 's impossible to ask some of those and others to write briefly with regard to P3 's emphasis ? For example , I 'd think that an economist would be interested in addressing some of the concepts you and others have mentioned here and that we discussed over dinner . Well , I have to admit I 've been a primary no - show for the last year . I took a job last October working for the Union of Concerned Scientists , and I kind of felt I had to go cold - turkey on contributing to other blogs . In the end I still did n't produce enough of what they wanted from me , so I am now a free agent again , and hope to rejoin P3.O or in any case its people , if this ends up not being the venue of ultimate destiny . I saw quite a few good ideas in this thread , and look forward to following up on some of them . I have a lot of fractionally - baked ideas of my own that have been accumulating in my year in a mainstream environmental organization . I 'm interested in pursuing two closely related questions . The first is , given the transparent obviousness of \" it 's too warm already , \" what are the obstacles to a true \" emergency mobilization \" to reduce GHG emissions , and how do we go about addressing them ? The second is the question of stranded assets , taken very broadly ; capping the allowable emissions budget dramatically revalues an enormous range of assets , especially fossil fuels but also infrastructure , land , skills , water , etc . Given the difficulty of getting would - be losers to agree to international treaties unless they 're compensated adequately , how do we create the institutional and normative conditions for such compensation claims to be seriously addressed ? Funny you should ask . I 'm going to name some people I 've been discussing a collective assessment project with ; the formal \" committeefication \" of the group is still pending but maybe I can provoke some of them into posting here in advance of a formal charter . Here are a few ( I 'll add more later ) : . In no special order : Timmons Roberts : International aid and international capital flows more generally ; a world systems theory perspective on the climate crisis . Azibuike Akaba : Linking local and state environmental justice concerns with global climate justice . Paul Kumar : Interaction of labor movement and class - based organizing with ecological and global justice issues . Francisco Donez : The role of state regulatory agencies in mediating ecological and environmental justice conflicts . Matt Cox : distributing the benefits and burdens of climate policies in an equitable way in the US ; cities and regions as loci for climate policy and organizing . Michael Tobis : What people who work on climate policy need to know that climate scientists know . What people who work on climate science need to know that climate policy experts know . What natural scientists are to make of economics . Note that the people I 'm listing are my friends ; there might be a different dream team of people to whom an invitation from me to contribute volunteer labor might not currently be so attractive . I think this site is a joke to be honest . There is no effort to engage commentators . Anything Tobias does n't like or disagrees with , he just shits all over it . That does little to engage interest or discussion . I do n't think Tobias knows half of what he claims ( he 's a stuffed shirt imo ) . Planet 3.0 is dead because of this . Legalese . Articles are copyright Ducks - In - A - Row LLC unless otherwise noted . All rights are reserved for 365 days past the date of publication . Articles over 365 days old are released into Creative Commons with a Attribution - NonCommercial - NoDerivs 3.0 license . Comments are owned by their respective commenters . Requests to reprint articles in other venues will be considered . Email admin@planet3.org "}
{"url": "http://heroeswiki.com/iStory:The_Private/chapter_summaries", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701147492.21/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193907-00035-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "As the name would suggest , Alien 2 is a mockbuster hoping to cash in on the fortunes of Ridley Scott 's Alien . This is a Rent - a - Center version as only an Italian could do . What that means is two - fold . First , Ciro Ippolito saw Alien and thought , \" That 's awesome . I can do that . \" This , of course is a terrible lie , but he thought it nonetheless . Second , the movie has lots of walking , driving , standing around , and long ( several minutes ) panning shots . I believe Ippolito was trying to build suspense and tension , but what he ended up with was filler . If this movie were food it would be a MSG laden order of # 13 Kung Pao Meow Mix . Alien 2 shares two things with Alien . First , the title . For those not paying attention it would appear to be the next film following Scott 's Alien . Second , there 's an alien which first incubates and then bursts from a person 's body . Chest bursting is pretty hard - core , but Ippolito wanted to go full METAL \\m/ , so his alien is a face burster . This might have been pretty sweet if he had money to light the shots with the alien . It 's so dark you ca n't make out much . The few times an alien is in the light it 's jumping from person to person with screen time somewhere in the fraction of a second duration . There 's not really a story , so much as there is an idea for a story . Some aliens get into a returning space capsule . How ? Dunno . Before the capsule is opened they get out and spread all over the world . How ? Dunno . The aliens are blue rocks , perhaps eggs , I dunno for sure , that 's just what we get . There 's a group of speleologists who find one of the rock eggs and take it with them on their trip into a local cavern . In the cave the rock egg hatches and starts killing the members of the group one by one . When they discover what 's going on the group makes a frantic run for it , resulting in them getting hopelessly lost . When everyone else in the group dies the Final Couple , Roy and Thelma , instantly find their way out . The technical term for this is Convenience ex Machina . While that was contrived , at least the Final Couple did n't try to pass off the pretense of not leaving and/or saving their friends before they left . They were like , \" See ya ! \" Making it out of the cavern was n't all it was cracked up to be though . Back in the real world everyone is gone . EVEN at the local bowling alley , which is crazy because that place always has tens of people in it . Roy goes to investigate and ... . Then there was one . Oh ! The horror of the abandoned automated bowling alley ! Well , not quite abandoned . There 's still Thelma and the Aliens . Thelma escapes to find that the world is now cast in a shade of red . She 's all alone . Her cries for help echo in the empty streets . Cut to black title card : \" ... You May Be Next ! \" While overall the movie was lacking in substance , I did learn a few interesting things . First , cave rats are sensitive to sonar equipment . This is important to know because if you should find yourself lost in a cave / cavern and you use your portable sonar device to find your way out , you might get attacked by a cave rat . Well , not you personally , but the sonar equipment . They go straight for the antennae , which not only renders the device inert , but voices your warranty . Non - functioning sonar equipment can be used as a walkie - talkie . Not in real life , but in cheap movies where you need filler and do n't have the props . B - Movie Survival Tip : if you 're walkie - talkie does n't instantly work , do n't immediately toss it away like grandma when she becomes a burden to the family . It might still be functioning . Take out the batteries and blow on them . It works 99.9 % of the time . Journey to the Seventh Planet starts with a voiceover : \" There are no limits to imagination . \" That may be true , but there are limits on talent . Journey to the Seventh Planet is less a movie and more one giant plot hole . Year is 2001 . The U.N. is the sole government of the world . Humanity has advanced to a point where \" man has learned to live with himself . \" Unfortunately this means mingling with the Irish . Without war or famine or anyone of color ( smooth move there , Adolf ! ) , man 's only concern is space travel . Specifically making a trip to Uranus . Note : Uranus is pronounced your - AHN - us . No poo - poo jokes here , kids . This is serious business . Just as it is in the real world , scientists are the \u00fcbermensch of this brave new world , none more than the astronaut , or Spacetronaut in the parlance of the kool kids . Five of the top Spacetronauts are sent on this mission : Commander Eric , Captain Don Graham , Karl , Svend and Barry O'Sullivan ( ugh ! ) Science is especially strong in these men . Where a normal person would be nonplussed by the bizarre things they are exposed to , these guys are barely apathetic . That is , until it comes to women . Basically this is a bunch of drunk frat boys on Saturday night . Of the five , Captain Don , or Happy Harry Hard - on , is the biggest pervert . Not five minutes into the trip he 's spouting , \" Boy was she biological . I wish I could have taught her my kind of biology . \" In fact , when they finally make it to Uranus and they find women ( FROM EARTH ) who could n't possibly be there - Space Hallucinations \u2122 - , his first thought is to hit on them . In Happy Harry 's defense , when he meets a girl he 's being trying to date ( ON EARTH ) he asks if she 's real . I mean , Space Hallucinations \u2122 would n't lie about that kind of stuff , would they ? Wait , I 'm getting ahead of myself , much like the movie . Here 's the thing , Uranus is inhabited by a Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 . I understand what a Space Brain Creature is , but this one is also described as being from Time . That is ... I have no explanation , nor does the movie . So , suffice it to say it 's a Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 and leave it at that . A similarly inexplicable plot point is the weightlessness the Spacetronauts experience- ONLY -when they establish orbit around Uranus . While weightless they are more susceptible to the Space & Time Brain Creature 's \u2122 mental powers . Not that it matters , all it does is hypnotize the Spacetronauts for a couple minutes . During this timeout it admonishes them for their folly and lays out his evil plans to destroy them . Or not . Thing is , the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 ca n't make up it 's mind about the humans . One minute it 's going to destroy them , the next minute it needs them . What could it possibly need the humans for ? To escape Uranus . Why ? It needs to take over one of their bodies . At which point it can escape in their ship . Something else I failed to mention in my haste , it can create matter . Anything . Case in point , when the ship lands , the Spacetronauts see a lush , verdant forest outside their ship . When they investigate , they find that there is a breathable atmosphere . As Commander Eric reminisces about home , the village he grew up in magically appears in the distance . There they find the first of the Space Hallucinations \u2122 that gets Capt . Happy Harry all tumescent . Assuming you 're not a wet rutabaga , you 're probably asking yourself , \" Uhm , why does the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 need the humans again ? Ca n't he just make a spaceship ? And a body to possess ? \" To which I would answer , I dunno . Putting that aside , as the Spacetronauts are exploring they find the edge of the force - field bubble the Space and Time Brain Creature \u2122 has made for them . Commander Eric knows that the answers lie on the other side , so high - ho it 's off they go . The Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 starts blubbering on about how it knows the humans are coming through to kill it . It loves it some exposition . \" But wait , \" you might be thinking , \" are n't they just going through to get some answers ? Is n't it their mission to explore Uranus ? \" And you 'd be right in wondering about that . I would even go further to remind that the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 telepathy . Moreover , it 's been using it 's telepathy to search the Spacetronauts minds . That is how it 's been creating the forest , the village , and the people . Sufficiently confused ? I can only raise my shoulders , dumbfounded , and smile in answer . Let 's move past that bit . Get to the good stuff . When the Spacetronauts finally see the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 , and it 's wavy - blue mental - radiation - hypnosis - thing , Commander Eric , the heretofore level - headed leader , decides they have to kill the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 . If they do n't they wo n't be able take off . Sigh ... . I know . I said move on to the good stuff and all I 've done is present more greasy whale vomit . This time you 're asking yourself , what the hell does a wavy - blue mental - radiation - hypnosis - thing have to do with taking off ? Also , is another of the Space & Time Brain Creature 's \u2122 powers clairvoyancy ? I throw up my hands in frustration and answer , \" Everything ? \" and \" Yes ? \" Like I wrote earlier , this is n't a movie , it 's a plot hole . Now that the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 knows they Spacetronauts are out to kill it , it has to protect itself . Given all it 's powers why is it a problem to destroy the humans ? It can make monsters , women , a town , forests , whatever . It does n't even have to do that . It could simply wait until the Spacetronauts are walking around in the forest or town , which they do without space suits , and make the atmosphere disappear . Problem solved . But it does n't . I can only assume the filmmakers were under the impression that by this point in the film you would either be knuckle deep into seventh base or passed out in a puddle of your own brain sauce . Either way you would n't be paying attention to what 's going on . I guess I 'll just power on blindly , too . Laser burlets wo n't kill the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 . I do n't know how they know this , they never really tried , but moving hastily along- The only way to destroy Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 is with a special acetylene torch gun . That they have to make . From scratch . Luckily there 's a blacksmith 's shop in town with all the necessary tools and materials . Zip , boom , bah , they build it . Tuckered from all the work , they decide to call it a night and leave the ONLY MEANS TO KILL the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 in the blacksmith 's shop . Of course , the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 uses the Space Hallucinations \u2122 to sucker young Karl in order to steal the gun and replace it with a fake . This further begs logic in that , why does the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 need to steal the gun ? Because the fake wo n't work ? Because the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 can make the gun disappear ? Come on , Pink and Melchior . You 're killing me here . Did you sneeze out mouthfuls of Alpha - Bits on a page and call the mess a script ? Before I stroke out let me finish this . Despite stealing their special gun , the Spacetronauts manage to kill the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 . They freeze it with liquid oxygen . Frozen , their laser burlets work . Phew . Done . Thank Christ ! Or am I ? Sadly , I 'm not . Nor were Pink and Melchior . Once the Spacetronauts finally kill the Space & Time Brain Creature \u2122 the world around them starts falling apart , cracking and erupting like an uranusquake - volcano . At the ship they come across Gretta , Commander Eric 's girl - whom he 's been eschewing the whole film . Suddenly Commander Eric changes his mind , decides she 's real , and brings her with them . WHAT ? Seriously ? Before they break out of the atmosphere , she disappears . Year : 1978 Runtime : 105 min . Director : Kinji Fukasaku . Writer : Kinji Fukasaku ( story ) , Sh\u00f4tar\u00f4 Ishinomori ( story ) , Masahiro Noda ( story ) , Hir\u00f4 Matsuda ( writer ) . Starring : Shin'ichi Chiba , Vic Morrow , Philip Casnoff . I swear I intended to steer clear of sci fi for a few reviews , but this is Japanese Star Warsploitation . I could n't help myself . The movie is 90 % Rent - a - Center versions of Star Wars characters , vehicles and music , but that 's what makes it so ALMOST actionable on copyright infringement grounds . And totally AWE - some ! The movie opens on Jillucia ( pronounced Jill - OO - see - ah ) , a once beautiful and verdant planet . It 's peaceful inhabitants , the Jillucians ( pronounced Jill - OO - see - ahns ) were slaughtered by the evil Gavanas . The battle is described by a narrator , \" The Jillucians were no match for the steel - skinned Gavanas . \" Which is mostly misleading . Actually , the Jillucians were no match for the Gavanas 's laser burlets . Jillucians are pretty much the Tiananmen Square tank guys of space . Except the Jillucians are Tree Huggin ' Space Hippies \u2122 . And the tanks stopped for the Unknown Protester . And we still remember and care about the Unknown Protester . With the Jillucians almost extinct , Wise Grandmaster Grandfather the Green lets loose eight Magic Space Walnuts \u2122 . They have a special tracking power which homes in on the Eight Heroes who will save Jillucia from the evil Gavanas . Once loosed , he realizes that it would behoove them to have someone go along to explain what in the hell the Magic Space Walnuts \u2122 mean . Wise Grandmaster Grandfather the Green chooses his granddaughter for the job . She and one brave volunteer jump in the Space Schooner and leisurely float off whichever way . They 're nowhere near fast enough to follow the Magic Space Walnuts \u2122 , so why strain , right ? Then there are some lovely scenes of the Gavanas , a race of war hungry Rent - a - Center Power Ranger Villains , being menacing . Glower . Ominous . Black . Oooooo . They 're angry because of their Emperor , Rockseia XLL ( pronounced Rock - SAY - ah - X - L - L ) . Rockseia XLL is angry because of his confusing biology - his mom is a dude . Kind of like Eric Cartmen . Except Emperor Rockseia 's mom is a Native American Power Ranger Villain . And Liane Cartman is a crack whore . And , most importantly , we still watch and like Eric Cartmen . Then some smashing scenes establishing the characters of the Eight Heroes . Rent - a - Center Princess Leia tapping on the window of her space ship to get the attention of passing Space Hot Shots . Space Hot Shots buzzing through an asteroid field running from the Space Police . A Space Vegas Show . Space General Garuda 's touching funeral for his personal robot , i.e. sending a junked robot into space in a Vikingesque funeral aboard an expensive rocket . Swimming through asteroid fields to catch Space Fire Flies . Et cetera . Then there 's a bunch of moaning and groaning . The Eight Heroes do n't want to be the chosen ones . They throw / give away their Magic Space Walnuts \u2122 . Boo - hoo . Then they do want to be the chosen ones . Then some get their Magic Space Walnuts \u2122 back . The one who does n't throws the Emo Pity Party \u2122 . Then a couple of them get kidnapped . It 's a hot mess . Et cetera . Eventually Emperor Rockseia XLL decides to go on a Space Road Trip \u2122 . They fire up the engines on Jillucia and head to Earth . At this point Jillucia becomes a Rent - a - Center Death Star . At Earth Rockseia XLL destroys the moon as a warning to humanity that he means business . Wilzyx and millions of frolicking Orcas suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced . Powerful . Heart breaking . An inspiring scene to end all inspiring scenes . If there 's a Rent - a - Center Death Star there has to be a Rent - a - Center trench run . Kinji Fukasaku ups the ante . Message From Space has two trench runs ! The first comes when the Space Hot Shots go to Jillucia to team up with the Jillucians . The Space Hot Shots rig their ships to join , ala the God Pheonix of Battle of the Planets / G Force / Gatchaman , but much less cool . The main ship in this junkyard Voltron is a Rent - a - Center Ebon Hawk from KOTOR . When they approach Jillucia they split up , fly through a bit of the trench , then join back together before landing . What does this accomplish ? Nothing . It 's not even particularly cool . So , yeah , why not ? The second Rent - a - Center trench run is the Final Boss Battle . It 's a mix of the rebel attack on the Death Star and Tron vs MCP . The Space Hot Shots fly through the exhaust port tunnel thing down to the reactor . There , they shoot the spinning thingie , stopping it , which uncovers the opening they have to target . Pew ... Pew ... Pew ... Boom ... Exploision . Meanwhile , as the space battle is raging ( i.e. before the pew ... pew ... pew ... boom ... explosion ) , there 's the Rent - a - Center Vader vs Obi Wan fight . But this time Vader gets a mud hole stomped in him . It 's because Vader is played by a milksop and Obi Wan is played by Sonny Chiba . The problem is , because Chiba wrecks shop , there 's no touching moment where the old guy sacrifices his life empowering the next generation to seek their glory . Oh , wait . There is that moment . Wise Grandmaster Grandfather the Green deliberately misses the Space Schooner to Valinor . The Jillucians have one more Space Schooner in dry dock collecting Space Spider Webs . It 's so old that they have to literally crank start the reactors . While the suspense completely ruined my pedicure ( I chew my nails when I 'm nervous , a'ight ) , I 'll let you in on a little secret ... They make it . Yay ! You 're mani / pedi can thank me later . Message From Space ends with is shot of the Jillucian Space Schooner flying past Earth propelled courageously by cheesy Spaghetti Western music . Toei Company , LTD really knows how to go out with a bang . In post - apocalyyptic America international border disputes are n't settled with trade embargoes , they 're solved with giant robots and laser beams while guitars blasts \" They 're coming to America \" over the loud speakers . Yes , It 's Robot Jox the biggest game of rock em ' sock em ' robots ever made . This time it 's the Russians turn as the evil super power trying to steal our land and likely pipe vodka through Alaska , but not if team USA can stop em first . Gary Graham stars as Achilles , the cocky and illiterate champion robot jox who leads a team of trainee that like to yell out \" Crash and Burn \" whenever someone needs a high five . His killbot career is going well until a match against a Russian named \" alexander \" makes it the biggest U.S. Russian brawl since Rocky 4 . Unfortunately there 's no training montage and Achilles accidentally crushes a crowd of fans while diving in front of a wayward missile . Have we learned nothing from Nascaar accidents ? Achilles retires in shame taking on a full time bar stool warming job at the local cantina drinking away his shame . Meanwhile a genetically engineered and uncomfortably manly looking pilot trainee named Athena is climbing jungle gyms while her classmates fall to their death . She and Achilles have some awkward romantic moments in the hallway so when he learns that Athena was selected to battle Alexander , he decides to come out of retirement to protect her . Athena is furious with Achilles for taking her spot so she kick punches his face and drugs him at his apartment and disguises herself in his space suit instead . He awakens later not very upset since that 's usually how his first dates go anyways . Meanwhile , his managing cowboy \" Tex Conway \" is discovered by their team engineer rigging the fights for the U.S. to lose . Tex shoots him in the head but forgets he was being recorded so tosses himself off a balcony to his death , cowboy hat and all . Back in the battle arena , Athena is getting pummeled by the Russian robot and Achilles has to jump in and try to save her . After battling the chainsaw crotched mech , Achilles crashes to the ground and the two pilots have battle man to man in a Star Trek staff fight with some robot shrapnel . Achilles gives a speech about world peace and good sportsmanship which leads to an awkward fist pump as the two become best buds , I kid you not . Obviously not a lot of plot to get in the way of the action . Basically it 's just 2 robots tossing rockets and lasers at each other while at some point one of them gets dry humped with a crotch chainsaw . Definitely check this one out , I give it 4 out of 5 Pacific Rims . You either loved it or you hated it , but there 's no denying that last year 's V / H / S gave a fresh spin on the quickly tiring found footage genre . It gave it a primo , and mostly perverse , look and took the idea of the anthology and made it seem newfangled , like it was in the 80 's . It was a very pleasing mix of perversion , violence and short storytelling . So it would make sense that they would decide to do a sequel the following year , with bigger filmmakers names attached to the project . Now the burning question is , does it surpass its predecessor ? It opens up familiar enough , in POV , of a man ( played Simon Barrett , baring his dong ... ladies ) cheating on his wife . This leads nowhere , mind you , but sets up our two leads who are private investigators , Larry and Ayesha in the bookend segment , Tape 49 . We soon learn they have been hired by some woman to find her missing son , break into his apartment and root around for clues . The two person Mystery Inc. wastes no time as they reach their destination . They immediately hear a loud bang and pry open a window , shortly discovering a room littered with televisions and VHS tapes , a welcoming site to those who enjoyed the first film , no doubt . Larry decides to \" Go and check \" out the rest of the place , rummaging through notebooks ( and oddly reminding me of the PS1 classic Resident Evil ) , leaving Ayesha to watch the tapes . And what could be one those tapes ? Well , it 's not Veggie Tales . The first segment , entitled Phase I Clinical Trials , stars You 're Next director Adam Wingard . He also directed this segment , a clever way of keeping the budget low . His character was in a car accident and receives an experimental robotic eye of sorts that would make the Six Million Dollar Man weep . The eye can record what it sees , so the company that built it can analyze the data ( imagine the poor sap that has to sit through hours of footage of him playing video games or pooping ) . Soon , he begins seeing dead people around his house . A girl from the hospital tracks him down and reveals that she had a cochlear implant from the same company and could hear dead people . Between the two of them , Haley Joel Osment is a punk . The more they interact with the spirits , the more the spirits can appear and harm them ... clearly , not heading toward a happy ending . Next up is A Ride in the Park , which sounds innocent enough , but boy would you be wrong . A man named Mike is all set for a joyous bike ride in the park , hence the title , with his GoPro camera , when he comes across a woman who has been bitten by a pack of zombies . Mike is bitten on the neck and bleeds to death after fleeing . Shortly , another couple finds him and would n't you know it , Mike turns and bites them . Soon , zombies are tearing through a youngster 's birthday party . Still beats having your dad drunkenly tell you how disappointed he is in you . Their zombies retain some knowledge of a previous life , as Mike demonstrates throughout the segment and the ending is rather bittersweet after he gets a call from his wife . Safe Haven , from the director of The Raid , is most likely the most disturbing of the bunch . Using the angle of a documentary crew , they are invited to interview the leader of a cult and learn more about their faith . It just so happens to be at the time when the cult commits a mass suicide and sacrificing one of the documentary 's crew member 's unborn child to spawn their God , which is more like Satan . I do n't know what that says , but this is the one that really brings the punch . The imagery is savage and with the leader of the cult dancing and singing wearing nothing but tighty whities , self mutilated , you 'll think twice about entering a place far from civilization . The ending is hiliarious , but also will give you willies . Last , but not least , we have Hobo With a Shotgun director Jason Eisener 's Slumber Party Alien Abduction . Of all the segments , this one is by far my favorite . It 's a group of teenagers building cardboard box robot costumes , something I 'm sure we all did . No ? Just me ? They play cruel pranks on one their sisters and each other , all being filmed by a GoPro strapped to their dog . Just when things are getting tense between the two groups of adolescents , a thunderous boom and bright lights shock them . The power goes out and aliens are trying to get into the house , brilliantly lit with a strobe light and this is when you start getting scared ... real fast . The aliens drag them outside and throw them into the lake and only a few make it out , fleeing for the remainder of the segment as they hide from the intruders , nearly being caught at every turn . This one will have you clutching your chest and calling for Elizabeth . Finally , the movie closes on Tape 49 once our lead watches on a tape what exactly that loud bang was on a tape . After seeing what he saw , he 'll probably wish he had been watching hours of Kathy Griffin stand up . Something you may have noticed about V / H / S/2 is it seems to be more constructed like a movie , using multiple cameras and different angles , but still using different forms of consumer style cameras to give that found footage feel . For the most part , the acting is a lot more solid , but it makes it feel less like home movies and more like ... ahem , a movie . But it 's the way that the stories are constructed that makes it a solid anthology . Regardless of having a slightly more cinematic feel to it , V / H / S/2 is strong and relentless from start to finish . Unlike the previous entry , there is n't a dull ho hum tale of the group . V / H / S/2 is certainly on par , if not superior to V / H / S and a worthy successor . Here 's to looking forward to the third entry ! Pick up your copy at Magnet 's website and for god 's sake , do n't break into a stranger 's house and start watching stacks of tapes ! One of them could be a Bill Rebane film . "}
{"url": "http://peoplesworld.org/n-calif-banquet-to-honor-freedom-riders/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701152959.66/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193912-00223-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Pages . Strawberry Jellyhearts Cheesecake . Last nite , I made this strawberry jellyhearts cheesecake . I got the idea from Yochana 's Cake Delight . However , I did n't follow her recipe , instead I used the biscuit base and cream cheese filling recipe from the no - bake oreo cheesecake I made earlier . Furthermore , the original version is suppose to be in squares but I made it into a round shape , just like a cheesecake . Initially , I thought it should be quite simple ... just follow the same method as the oreo cheesecake and then top it up with jelly . I was wrong , I made 2 mistakes while making this cake ! Mistake no . 1 : I did n't add the strawberries before putting the cake into the fridge to set the cheese mixture . I made the cream cheese mixture just before dinner , thinking that I could cut the strawberries and layer it after dinner . However , the cheese mixture was harden by the time I was ready to add in the strawberries . So , they could n't \" stick \" onto the cheese layer . Well , I thought , it should be alright , since the jelly would cover them up and set them \" down \" . Little did I know that when I pour in the jelly , the strawberries started to \" swim \" in the jelly liquid ! So I tried to \" pin ' them down by pushing them into the cheese mixture . To my horror , tiny bits of cheese mixture came floating on the jelly liquid . That 's mistake no . 2 . Mistake no . 2 : I did n't wait long enough for the cheese mixture to set . You see , I thought since the strawberries could n't stick onto the cheese layer , the cheese mixture must be very well set right ? I was wrong , I believe it was because the mixture was not well set , as such , tiny bits of cheese started to dissolve when the the jelly was added . My recovery actions were to spoon out most of the jelly liquid and put the cake in the freezer to freeze it . After half - an - hour , the strawberries were set with the help of the thin layer of jelly . I poured in the remaining jelly and let the cake set overnight . It was tedious to carefully spoon out the tiny bits of cream cheese . Luckily , the cake turn out quite ok . So , if you want to try this out , do take note of these 2 steps . Ingredients : base : 110 g digestive biscuits(about 8 pieces ) , chopped into fine crumbs 40 g melted butter . filling : 250 g cream cheese , soften at room temperature 50 g icing sugar 1 tablespoon gelatin powder 40ml boiling water 1 teaspoon vanilla essence . 1 box Jelly crystal ( strawberry flavour ) 1 cup boiling water 1 cup cold water . Some strawberries , cut into heart shapes . Method : 1 . Mix biscuit crumbs & melted butter together and press firmly with the help of a spoon onto the base of a 18 cm cake tin . Chill for 30 minutes . Place gelatin powder and boiling water in a bowl . Heat a pot filled with some water until just simmering and place the bowl inside the pot . Dissolve gelatin and boiling water in the bowl . Keep warm . With an electric mixer , beat cream cheese , icing sugar and vanilla essence until smooth & creamy . Blend in gelatin solution and mix well . Pour the cheese mixture into the cake tin . Layer the strawberries on the cheese mixture . Chill for at least 3 to 4 hours . Dissolve the jelly crystal in the cup of boiling water , followed by the cold water . Pour the jelly on the cheese mixture . Let it set before removing from the cake tin . 148 comments : . Elyn , yes I used a cake tin ( not the loose bottom type ) . I simply line the cake tin with alum foil . Once the cake is set , I lifted it out from the cake tin with the alum foil ... then tear alway the foil . The sides may not be very smooth if you use a round tin . I suggest you use a square tin for Jellyhearts ... they look much nicer in squares , and the sides will be smoother ... as the alum foil will not be so crumbly on the sides . Thanks so much ! I just did your recipe in a 9 \" X 9 \" tin but found that the biscuit base is a bit too thick , is it suppose to be dry and crunchy ? Wat happen was I line it with cling wrap and had a little mishap , the jelly went out of the clingwrap ! Nevertheless , it 's very delicious ! Elyn , so you tried with the gelatin you bought ? I just used the normal gelatin I bought in a small plastic bottle form . Not sure whether there is any difference ? I used a 8 \" x 8 \" tin in my 2nd attempt . I find the thickness of the biscuit base just nice . The jelly layer was also not too thin . Hi Sophia , although I have not tried it with a manual whisk , I think there should n't be a problem . Just remember to soften the cream cheese in room temperature before you start . It will be much easier to whisk it . Hi , no this recipe does nt call for any whipped cream . I 'm sorry , as I have not tasted other versions , as such I wo n't be able to give any comments on the differences in taste ; p I did n't use any cutter , I simply slice the strawberries into halves . Hope this helps :) . Hi Chezzyheart , for cheesecake , to get a clean slice , heat up the knife before slicing ( eg . soak knife in a cup of hot water or heat over a stove on low heat ) . Remember to clean / wipe the knife after each cut . Hope this helps :) . TQ for sharing this recipe . I made this today and just had a slice .... very yumz . I used a bottomless 7 \" by 7 \" square tin , wrapped cling wrap tightly at the bottom . My boys like it . This recipe is definitely a keeper . Hi Anonymous , thanks for visiting ! Vanilla extract is produced by stepping vanilla beans in an alcohol and water solution for several months . Vanilla essences are two fold or three fold extracts , which is very strong and mainly use by professional bakers . Home bakers usually use vanilla extract . Hope this helps ! hi this looks really nice ! is there any ways to reduce the amount of cheese used and substitute it with other things ? i m a non - cheese person but i once tried this cake before and there was nt really a cheesey taste which i like . i had used cream cheese to make cheese cake before and i find the taste really too strong for me . My friends like it though . Hi Anonymous , you may want to take a look at my posting on \" Mango & Peach Charlotte Cake \" or \" Oreo Yogurt Cake \" there is no cream cheese used in those chilled cakes . Hope this helps :) . thank you so much homebaker ! i will try these out this long weekend ! i m so excited about the whole thing that i kept looking at the receipes over and over again , images in my head . The best part is there 's no baking for jellyheart as i do nt have a proper oven for baking . Shall update on how it goes.thanks again ! i did those strawberry jellyhearts yesterday & the starwberries seem to be floating on the jelly mixture even though i had put the strawberries on top of the cheese mixture before i let it to set . so is there any reason why the strawberries are floating ? :D . Hi Strawberrylicious , Do make sure your jelly mixture is cool , if it is too warm , it may melt the cheese layer away , as a result the strawberries will float away . I recently read from some blogs that to avoid the strawberries from floating , you may add only a few spoons of jelly mixture , just enough to cover a little bit of the strawberries , let it set for a while before pouring the remaining jelly mixture . Hope this helps . hi Happy homebaker , this is the 2nd time i m making this cake and encounter the same problem of cheese layer seeping thru my base . I have freeze the base for abt 2 hrs ( went out for lunch ) and i let the cheese layer cooled b4 pouring it on top of base ... is it normal that it seeps thru the biscuit base ? Can you give some advice re this ? Thank you ! Hi Anonymous , so far I have made several chilled cakes using biscuits as base , I did nt have problem with the filling seeping into the base . Could it be the way u press the biscuits into the pan ? You will have to press the biscuits firmly into the pan , it should n't be loose . Is that the way you did it ? or could it be , you use a bigger pan size and the biscuit base is too thin ? Some recipes will get you to bake the biscuit base before using , but I have not tried it . Hi happy homemaker , i 've seen my colleagues ordering this strawberry cherryhearts and happened to chance upon your easy - to - follow receipe , and decided to give it a try over the weekend . What i did was to poke holes at the cheese layer using fork , before pouring the jelly mixture into it , to ensure the jelly is fully ' attached ' to the cheese layer . The final outcome is ' great ' ! Will definitely try again soon . Hi . I had the opportunity to taste the strawberry jellyhearts when my colleague gave me one to try last week . It tasted so good that I just had to look the recipe up online . Thanks to you , I 've tried making one today and aside from the thin base ( i used a slightly larger square tin - 8.5 x 8.5 \" ) , it was delicious . Also managed to avoid having bits of floating cheese and strawberries ( thanks for your tips ! ) and it ended up looking quite pleasing . I 've also tried making the horlicks doggie cookies and milo chocolate chip muffins for my family and it was a big hit ! Hi Melody , I used either a 8 \" round pan or a 8 \" square tin to make this , that 's why the cheese layer is thicker . You can try with a smaller tin in order to get a thicker layer . You can also make this with those disposable alum foil square pans ( available in most supermarts ) if you do not want to get a normal pan . Hope this helps :) . I have tried making the jellyhearts using your recipe , even my husband said it was really nice , love it so much ! Thank you so much for sharing ! Just one problem i have faced , my base does n't seem to be too solid which the biscuit crumbs drop off from time to time when eating it , may i know what would be the reason ? I have crush the biscuit into crumbs before pouring in the butter which i have melted using low heat at the stove , is this the right way to do it ? Or should I pour the butter it before crushing them ? I realised that some part of the biscuit crumbs do n't get on the butter as we only use 40 g butter to 8 piences . Hi Anonymous , you method of making the biscuit base is correct . You will need to crush the biscuits before adding the melted butter . There will be crumbs falling off the base , as long as it does n't break off easily . You can freeze the base before using so that it will be more firm . Hope this helps :) . Just my two cents from a baking class , when pouring jelly mixture on the cake , pour it on the strawberry instead of the cheese layer directly . This will somehow minimize the chances of getting cheese mixture into the jelly mixture . Hope this helps . Hey , i was wondering if i should leave the cake in the freezer or the normal fridge compartment to chill ? The last time i tried to make a cheesecake it did n't set in the normal fridge compartment though i left it in there for a whole day . But when I left it in the freezer my entire cheesecake solidified . Hi Happy Homebaker , thanks for sharing with us this recipe . I was wondering if it 's possible to use light ( low fat ) cream cheese instead of the normal cream cheese ? Would the result / taste differ ? Thanks ! Sorry , I have never bake or make anything before . Hence , wanted to know is jelly similar as agar agar ? I could n't find the jelly but instead found those packet of agar agar powder . Can I use those ? Appreciate your reply . Hi Anonymous , the jelly crystal is different from agar agar powder . Hope this helps . Hi HHB (: Thanks for the great instructions ! Planning to make this . But if I ca n't get a loosebottom pan , can I use parchment / baking paper instead of alum . foil to line the pan ? Because I do n't have alum foil at home , you see . (: Was just wondering if that would be alright . thanks ! ! Hi dottiesunfish , I am afraid , you may not be able to use baking paper ... as it will be difficult to line the pan especially if you are using a round pan ? alum foil will be much easier to mould it into the pan . Why do n't you try lining the pan with baking paper to test it out first . Maybe a square pan will be easier . The other thing is , I am not sure whether the baking paper can withstand the weight of the cake when you try to lift it up . ohhhh haha good point i do n't want my cake to drop halfway ! okay . i 'll go ask my friend for aluminium foil then . (: thanks for your great tutorials and patience ! I 'm going to try your fried bee hoon and simple dishes ! hi can you explain \" Dissolve the jelly crystal in the cup of boiling water , followed by the cold water \" ? does it mean to dissolve the jelly crystal in the boiling water and pour the mixture into cold water ? thanks so much ! Hi Belinda , the gelatin is necessary to set the cheesecake , without it , it will be in liquid form . I have read that you can subsitute gelatin with agar agar powder , but I have not tried it . Maybe you can try make a Baked Cheesecake instead ? Hi Anonymous , I am sorry I did n't know what has gone wrong . If you follow the instructions on the packet , the jelly should set at least when left over night . Maybe you want to try making just the jelly again with another packet ? As for the jelly to stick to the cheese layer , I think the timing is quite important , but it is quite tricky . You will need to chill the cheese layer till it is firm and yet not fully set . I 'm sorry I ca n't provide a specific time to chill the cheese layer as the temperature of our fridges may differ . Hope you will find this useful . hi happy homebaker , I just did the strawberry cheese cake for my christmas party tomorrow . the cheese taste very good . just that after i pour in the jelly , it leak from my loose bottom pan . Anyway to save from this situation again ? Hi Derrick , so far my loose bottom pan does n't leak , I use it to make tiramisu , mousse cake and even ice cream cake . The pan is just like a chiffon tube pan , without the centre core / tube . Even using it to bake a cake will not cause the batter to leak . Are you using something like this ? I got it from Phoon Huat . I read from website that some bakers will cover the bottom of their ' springform ' pans with alumn foil before using , maybe you can try this ? Or , maybe you can press the biscuit base really hard and freeze it so that the base is very firm and it will not leak ? Or , maybe you can check whether your pan is dented ? fill it with water to check whether it leaks . Hope these help , and Merry Xmas ! Hi . Would it be possible to make the cheesecake without the layer of jelly ? Would it still taste good ? Perhaps I can replace it with crushed oreo ? I would n't want a baked cheesecake because I do n't have an oven back at home . I tried making this and thanks to this post , I did n't make any fatal mistakes like not waiting for the cheese to firm up before pouring the jello . Unfortunately , my instant cheesecake Jell - o mix was a bit too runny / not as firm as I would have liked . Maybe it 's because I used skim milk instead of low fat milk ? ? Nonetheless , I 'm glad you shared this recipe ^^ . Just to check , does gelatine solution smells ? Yesterday I tried with Aunty Yochana 's recipe and did nt know I must add sugar in the cream cheese ! ! End up the cream cheese taste yucky after adding gelatine solution . What happen to the leftover from the cut strawberry ? Actually I like your ideal of using a cake tin as I only have a 24 cm cake tin ! Also , can I check with you what size of cake tins / baking tray do you have or use often ? Is it necessary to buy loose base / springform type ? If it is , what size should I buy ? Reira , the brand of gelatine I use does nt have a smell , I use the brand Bake King . For jelly crystal , I use Tortally . Sorry , I do n't understand this question : \" What happen to the leftover from the cut strawberry ? \" I only have two round pans , one 20 cm ( normal pan ) and the other 18 cm ( comes with a removable base ) . I have a 20 cm square pan as well which I use for baking brownies and sometimes bread buns . I use 18 cm pan the most as I usually make smaller cakes which is just nice for our family and my small ( 20L ) oven . I am using redman , the ingredient is beef skin . What type of gelatine do you use ? I heard from sales person from Phoon huat that there are a few types - different ingredients . Sorry ! What I mean by leafover from cut strawberry is after cutting the strawberry into heart shape , there are bound to have some leftover due to the shape being cut out ? Thank you so much for letting me know what size of cake pan you have ! For the 18 cm removable base cake pan , you will still need to grease , lay parcement paper around it ? I 've yet to try baking cake again . The first so called sponge cake i baked a mth ago , was a rubber due to wrong cake pan used ! haha . it was a total disaster . For the square pan , is it one that s around 3 \" in height ? Saw from phoon huat there are square pan that s about 1 - 1.5 \" in height only . Been wondering what those are for . Lastly , do you always use recipe that calls for 18 cm cake pan ? or there are times when you need to adjust the amt of ingredient used due to diff cake tin size used ? If you did , what method do you use to calculate ? Hi Reira , I use the brand Bake King , I am not sure what type of gelatin is that , but it is not smelly . Oh , the left over bits of strawberries went into my stomach ;) . You will still need to grease and line the pan even though it comes with a removable base . Just that you do n't need to invert the cake when you unmold . Yes , the square pan I have is around 3 \" in height . I always follow the recommended pan size . Most of my recipes are either 18 cm or 20 cm . I try not to adjust the ingredients amount as some of the ingredients can not be adjusted proportionately . Happy home baker : thanks for sharing the wonderful recipe . I tried making it but not sure where has gone wrong . I followed all steps closely but by jelly crystal solution sip into the base of the biscuit base . Was my cling wrap too lose ? Or the base is not firm enough ? Hi Serene , Sorry , I am not too sure what you meant ? Did the jelly crystal solution seep thru the cream cheese layer all the way down to the biscuit base ? or is it only from the side ? Did is start to flow over the minute you pour it over the cream cheese ? I did n't use a cling wrap , I used an alum foil to line the normal round pan ... if you have a removable base pan than you do n't need the cling wrap . hi , how do you try to pull the aluminuim out from the base of the cake ? the cake is soft , wo nt the pulling spoil it ? i read that we can use cake ring too ? but how to ? sorry to trouble as i failed to take the cake out nicely ): thank you ! Hi Chloe , the biscuit base is quite firm , so you just need to gently push and slide the base out of the foil and onto the serving plate . You can use a cake ring , but I do not have one , so I do not know how to use it . Hey there , do you think I can use the disposable aluminum trays to \" bake \" this ? As am bringing it for a party , i thought it might be easier instead of removing it from the baking tray and looking for boxes to fit the cake . Thanks in advance ! Hi , yes , you may use disposable alum tray . Do make sure you press the biscuit mixture real hard into the base of the tray . You can also freeze the tray ( with the biscuit base ) for a couple of hours before using . This way the base will not crumble away easily . Hi ! The cake looks amazing , and am going to try it sometime soon too ! But may i know what kind of tin you use to bake this thing in ? Do you use a square one or a round one ? And how big is it ? Btw , do you know where i can buy square tins in Singapore ? Have been trying to look for it at department stores , but no one seems to sell square tins . Thanks ! Hi , do you allow the cheesecake to set in the freezer or in the normal fridge compartment(where butter , etc are stored ) . Because i tried making no bake cheesecake before however it all did n't set in the normal fridge compartment . Hi , the cheesecake has to be left in the normal fridge compartment ( Not freezer , for ice cubes , ice cream ) for it to set . I believe either the problem lies with the gelatin powder ... either not enough , or you may not have melted it the correct way . You need to measure out the water , place it in a bowl , then sprinkle the gelatin powder on top . Let it soak for a few minutes . Then double boil the mixture ( set the bowl over a pot of simmering water ) and let the gelatin dissolve completely . Do not boil the mixture directly over the heat ... the gelatin will not work well . Hope this helps . Hi there ! I was just wondering if I still have to place aluminum foil in a loose bottom tin . Actually , which type is better ? The loose bottom or the non loose bottom type ? Thanks for this wonderful recipe ! Ca n't wait to try it out ! Hi Anonymous , for my loose bottom pan , I do not need to wrap the base with foil ( see my latest post on tofu cheesecake ) . A loose bottom pan is definitely better as it can be used for cheesecake and normal baking . Hi . I really like your blog ! :) I have a slight problem . Can I know if I can use leaf gelatin ? I could n't find powder form in the supermarket . I tried making this cheesecake last week . It was absolutely delicious but the cheese did not set at all even though I left it in the fridge overnight . I made it based on 40ml of water , so it is only 1/8 of the leaf gelatin which is tiny ! Hi Bebe , 1 . yes , best is chilled over night to let the cheesecake set . my own basic rule is , I try to consume any left over food in the fridge within 2 days and not beyond 3 days , 7 days is way too long . Hi ! Can I check with you , After you have blend in the gelatin solution into the mixture , how does the mixture look like ? Smooth creamy which when u pour it will flow to the crust by itself or have to use a spatular to scoop it to the crust base . Hi Happy Homebaker , I 've bookmarked this page for a while and would like to try this soon . I 've a 10inch square tin and just wonder if the cake will turn out very short if I were to use this tin ? How about double the recipe to bake in a 10 inch tin for a big gathering ? lyn . Hi Lyn , you can make double portion , maybe you wo n't need to use up all the amount , you can use smaller pans to use up any leftovers ... also make sure the cheese layer is well set before you pour the jelly layer over . dear happyhomebaker , could i ceck wid u if i have to take note of ur 2 pointers if i m to use baked cheesecake instead ? which do u personally think is better - nonbake or baked cheesecake for strawberry jelly adition . thk u . I did this cake , but it was not a hit in my family . It looks amazing ( though the endings are chipped ) . The taste is quite bland . The only \" good \" layer is the upper red gel . The worst is the cream cheese , which does not taste like cheese at all ( I used Philadelphia cream cheese ) . I guess it has to much water(from the gelatine ) . I used real vanilla essence , without the any success . Maybe I just expected too much from a cake without rich dairy cream , or chocolate , LOL ! I LOVE your blogs , recipes ! Thank you ! I 'll do this again , but I 'll try to change it 's middle layer . I just realized why my cheese layer was tasteless . The gelatin I used asked for both cold and hot water ( 90 ml in total ) . After 1 - 2 h in the fridge , the cheese looked like a very well set white layer . I used 2 circles of halved strawberries . I poured over the super runny jelly . As I used a regular tall pan ( no spring - form , mine are too large ) I did not care for the jelly being almost like water . In the fridge it was set in 1 h. I used raspberry jelly as this was the only one I had . When i took it of the pan , I realized the runny Jell seeped a little under the base , but not too much I tend to like it more , now after 2 days . It is quite refreshing on these hot days . Hi Roselind , if you use a springform pan or a pan with a removable base , it will be easy to unmould , just need to slide a knife around the edges to release the cake . I am not sure about the amount to adjust to fit a smaller pan , the main issue is the amount of gelatin to use , and also the amount of biscuit for the base . Hi Happy Homebaker , I am an amateur in baking and knows nuts about cooking . Ever since I knew about your blog , I had tried a few of your cookies and now this yummy cake . Your steps are clear and easy to follow . Now , it can save me to spend $ 3.80 for 2 small pieces . Thank you very much for sharing your thoughts , recipes . I enjoyed reading your personal sharing too . You have helped me to gain confidence that I can bake too , finally ! My kids love this cake I prepared for them . Hi Mag , it warms my heart to read your lovely comments : ): ) I do not know much about baking and cooking too ( ^^ \" ) just sharing my baking experience with anyone who shares the same interest . I hope you continue to bake and have fun baking with your kids too ! Thankyou for sharing this wonderful recipe . i tried it today it turns out really good but the biscuit crust was a little hard i mean it was difficult to cut a bite with a spoon . any idea what was wrong with that ? "}
{"url": "http://www.egms.de/static/en/meetings/dgnn2012/12dgnn130.shtml", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701146241.46/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193906-00031-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "And , since this has been a week where I 've needed a diversion or two , I did . Only I 'm not sure what it is , in the end . It 's not a parody of Studio 60 . If anything , it 's a Sorkin satire . Only I caught myself trying to really catch his cadences . I caught myself trying to invoke what I really like about Sorkin . Because despite everything , I do like Aaron Sorkin . On a recent episode , he had a subplot featuring two freshmen writers and the staggeringly brilliant Mark McKinney , and whenever they were on the screen , it was electric . It gave me hope . It was a subplot meant to make Harriet endearing and instead makes us think she 's got neurological damage and would never in a million years be hired for a comedy show , but I digress ) . So ... I 'm not sure what the resulting three scene script is . And as a result , I 'm going to post it here . Behind a cut , as it 's ... well , huge . ( Oh , and yeah -- I 'm fully aware no actual webcomics collective would be organized like this . Cut me some slack . Sorkin writes about workplaces . ) AARON SORKIN 'S . COMICSENSE.COM . The offices are full of desks and piles of clutter , made all the more chaotic by the lack of cubicles , walls or offices for the most part . There are several winding paths around the desks , drawing tables and production equipment . As we fade into the scene we see DANNY WALSH , Executive Producer in charge of web content . He is looking over a messy pile of printouts . Near him , two Administrative Assistants , CAROL and SHELLY , are waiting on his words . ] DANNY . Eight months Bobby 's been drawing this thing and Hell if I understand what this strip is about . But he did that whole plotline where the talking dog met his parents . CAROL . Did you notice the parents were talking dogs too ? SHELLY . Well , the apple does n't fall far from the tree . CAROL . I 'm just saying -- they make such a big deal over the talking dog-- . SHELLY . Well , it 's not like you see them every day . CAROL . But when his parents show up , everyone just accepts that they 're also talking dogs . What kind of parents would you expect a talking dog to have ? CAROL . My point is-- . SHELLY . I mean , is it that they talk or they 're dogs that has you in a tizzy . CAROL . I 'm not in a ' tizzy . ' SHELLY . You seem a little tizzed out . CAROL . I just think that if they 're surprised at one talking dog , they should be three times as surprised when they meet three . It seems like it should be . SHELLY . Because after the first talking dog , I 'd think you 'd get jaded . CAROL . I think I 'd always be pretty impressed by dogs that talk . SHELLY . The talking dog really is n't the main character ? CAROL . He 's the comic relief . DANNY . You two keep talking and talking but I still do n't have any idea what this strip is about . CAROL . A robot pirate captain . SHELLY . With a talking dog . DANNY . See , this is how wars break out . [ Danny hands the paper pile to Carol and begins to WALK TOWARDS CAMERA on a Steadicam shot . They WALK AND TALK as they weave between the desks . ] I 'm serious , guys . We get these people they 're gon na need a dedicated server . They might need dedicated bandwidth . We try to put them on our existing servers and our whole three - day lineup 's going to hemmorage . DANNY . Simon , listen to the words I 'm saying . We 're not going to get the Pennyfarthing guys . It 's not gon na happen . SIMON . I need a heads up if they 're coming . DANNY . DANNY . Jake has just four hours to get a script to Dale or Dale wo n't have time to draw it and then half the United Arab Emirates wo n't have their morning Funny . Yeah , they 're big comic strip fans over there . [ SIMON splits off from the pair as they continue WALKING AND TALKING . ] His main character is a skunk / beaver crossbreed stripper , Miranda . This was n't The Class Menagerie or Kevin and Kell . The only reason Furbridge Heights was n't porn is because we told him we 'd lose our Paypal rights if he crossed the line . MIRANDA . And if you had The Class Menagerie or Kevin and Kell , Furries would n't care , but you do n't . So they just know that you had a solidly read Furry comic , and he walked . Along with six other people . It 's a sham , Miranda . Pure and simple . It 's not a representative sample of anything . It does n't use statistical modeling or selection criteria or anything else . It only includes those people who actually download the Alexa toolbar . It does n't include Mac users or Linux users because it 's for Windows only . It does n't even include Firefox users . If you want to measure impact on the web , use Google PageRank . Or Technorati . Hell , check Bloglines but do n't shove an artificial \" ranking \" down my throat because it sounds good . Jesus and Mary Chain , Miranda -- of course we 're upset . Of course we want those strips . Of course we want their audiences looking at our ads and going to our online store . But they felt they could do better on their own , and I 'm not going to trash them in your magazine just because of that . I hope they do better on their own . [ SCENE 2 : One of several art studios in the building . This is DEBBIE DAWSON 'S space . The area is cluttered with art supplies of all varieties -- pencils and pens and easels , of course , but also brushes and paints and watercolors . A powerful Apple computer sits on the desk , silently earning us product placement money . DEBBIE DAWSON is there -- a twenty - eight something perky artist with cascading blond hair and a cheerful attitude . As she sits and painstakingly draws a line , her door is slammed open and JAKE storms in , causing her pencil to skid . ] You know , some of us did n't start all this out of some dream of redefining the world of online distribution , Jake . Some of us fell in love with comic strips in the newspaper . We read Bloom County and Calvin and Hobbes and fell in love with the form . And we dreamed about the day when we could open the newspaper and see our strip there . JAKE . And none of Houghton / Wilkes 's strips are Bloom County or Calvin and Hobbes . We have a responsibility , Debbie . In fact , more than we , you have a responsibility-- . DEBBIE . A responsibility to who , Jake ? Fishtails is a good strip . I want people reading it . Houghton / Wilkes is going to put it in a hundred papers to begin with . They 're talking about print collections . JAKE . Where they can sit between fourteen Garfield collections and seven Foxtrot collections . Comic strips used to be epic , Debbie . They used to be the playground of Windsor McKay and Segar and Hal Foster . Flash Gordon was n't a movie or a movie serial , Debbie -- it was a comic strip . This is the form of Terry and the Pirates . Look at Blondie in the thirties and then look at it last week , and you tell me you want to be in the newspaper . You 're a foot more talented than any of us , Debbie . Fishtails is the real deal . Of course Houghton / Wilkes wants it . But they do n't really want it , Debbie . They do n't want your grand stories or your edge . They want a family friendly version of it . They want the version that would come after their editorial board gets done with it . Your gay characters would lose their teeth . Your wit would be blunted . You 'd be just another flash in the pan strip that they 'd announce and trumpet and then would vanish . You 'd appear in a hundred newspapers and then you 'd be in fifteen papers after people complained that Luann got cut to make room . You 're not spinning your wheels . You have three hundred and fifty thousand people show up to read you every day . You quit your day job to do this . You have a rabid fanbase . You have awards . And you 're going places . You 're going to break through . There 's going to be animated specials . There 's going to be collections in Barnes and Noble . Collections where you get the lion 's share of the royalties -- not a syndicate and not even ComicSense . And one day you will be in newspapers , but you 'll hold onto your web rights and your merchandising rights and your control over your own property . You 're going to do it . Do n't grab a third rate newspaper syndicate with a fourth rate deal . Do n't give up your merchandise and your freedom . Not for these guys . [ SCENE THREE : Musical cue : \" Take a walk on the wild side . \" He is gruff , but speaks with wisdom . DANNY enters through the door , knocking on the frame . ] JUBAL . I suppose that explains all the burka related fan mail Jake and Dale get . Webalizer tracks location based on domain name . The domain name for the United Arab Emirates is dot ae . What happened is someone , probably in America , came up with a domain name that dot ae suits , and they registered with whoever owns the rights to dot ae . Some firm in Qatar gets twenty bucks , some guy on the web owns the rights to ' titan.ae , ' and Jake-- . They 're sick of bandwidth bills , their sysadmin is in the extended process of flaking on them ... they want to get out of the business of running a comics website and into the business of exploiting their brand . And they would comp us nine designed banner ads , so we could get their look and feel in targeted advertising . 'Cause Pennyfarthing is a slam dunk . We get them , we shoot past Keenspot and Modern Tales . We reverse the trend away from online syndicates and towards online guilds . We wipe the bad press for losing seven creators in the last week , and we replace a contentious furry fanbase for Furbridge Heights with seven and a half million gamers . Of course you need to fire me for saying no . We bring in Pennyfarthing , and they become the eight hundred pound gorilla . We have to rededicate a majority of our press and advertising to them . Their deal would be better than what we give anyone else , which would breed discontent in the creator pool . Discontent that would only be increased by the staggering degree to which Pennyfarthing would overshadow everyone else on the site . Maybe , but that 's not the whole of it . Editorially , they 're just not a good fit . [ DANNY turns to face JUBAL , walking towards the desk . ] Pennyfarthing reaches gamers . It 's a niche we barely scratch , and on one level getting them would be good . We 'd get some percentage of them reading our comics . But on another level , most of them would n't be interested in Coffee Shoppe or Hybrid Deal . Pennyfarthing just is n't like our lineup , and we ca n't expect a huge crossover appeal from their readers . Danny , I do n't care what their rep is . The vast majority of Pennyfarthing readers are perfectly nice and responsible internet citizens . DANNY . Yeah , but a certain percentage of all internet fandoms are mouth breathers who think this whole thing is a video game and that winning comes through slash and burn . All people who take delight in hitting forums and messageboards for webcomics they hate and turning them into steaming piles of crap . And they 'd hate most of our comics . But nothing . The newspapers are dying , Danny . It 'll take decades , but they 're going the way of eighteenth century pamphlets . For a while , the only reason half the newspapers in this country were being sold was the comics page . Now , that 's not a compelling reason any more . We 're in the wild times now , Danny . It 's chaos . And if comic strips cling to newspapers , the form will die with them . That 's right . On the web . Where we are . It 's a crazy time . An exciting time . An explosive time . But it 's fragmented , right now . No one webcomic -- not Pennyfarthing , not PvP , not Something Positive or anything else has taken the cultural place of a Li'l Abner in America , because no one knows where to go . No one knows where the really good webcomics are . The independents thrive on word of mouth . The first generation of online syndicates grabbed every strip with an audience they could get . Or they went the other way , and went so idiosyncratic only the intellectuals or the gamers wanted to read them . The one way an online syndicate can really thrive and flourish is through editorial standards , Danny . If they grab strips with the broadest appeal , that fit together into a cohesive comics page , representing the spectrum of comics while remaining consistent in quality , the word will get out . People will begin to gravitate to that syndicate . The publishing world will see them as professionals . The reading public will ee them as a gateway to good comics . That 's where we 're headed , Danny . I do know that the only chance we have is if we make hard decisions . Professional decisions . We need to say ' this is a good strip , but it does n't fit our site , and we pass . ' That 's why I hired you , Danny . I need someone who can look the single most popular webcomic 's creators in the eye and say \" I 'm sorry . You do n't fit . \" [ The camera pulls back . [ Fade to black and EXEC . CREDITS , as the song continues : I said , Hey honey / Take a walk on the wild side / and the coloured girls say / doo do doo do doo do do doo .... ] . Comment from : Cornan posted at December 17 , 2006 6:58 PM . Stop being so good . Seriously . Its unfair . I mean right now I 'm thinking I 'm going to have to go all \" Dark Crystal \" on you and drink your essence just to feel less inadequete . You evil bastard ... . Comment from : Wistful Dreamer posted at December 17 , 2006 7:30 PM . A very proficient emulation . The . ae routine sounds exactly like something a Sorkin script would have . I caught Pennyfarthing , but who are Fish tales , Hinterlands , Sirocco , and Furbridge Heights supposed to be ? Comment from : Glaser posted at December 17 , 2006 9:23 PM . Ah , right . He ca n't find \" the funny \" . That's ... slightly different . Comment from : Wistful Dreamer posted at December 17 , 2006 9:30 PM . Is the toxic subculture within PennyA , er , Pennyfarthing really that bad ? Is that true ? As stated above , the vast majority of Penny Arcade 's fanbase are seriously cool people . There are only a few who are utter and complete asshats , and they would be in the same percentage as ... well , complete asshats can be found in any internet group . That said , there are a lot of P - A fans , so that percentage means a larger number , per capita . Comment from : Polychrome posted at December 17 , 2006 9:46 PM . I 've neverr watched any of Aaron Sorkin 's stuff , but this was damned entertaining . Comment from : Fnliii posted at December 17 , 2006 10:00 PM . That was seriously cool , and really good . I would actually enjoy reading these adventures more than watching Studio 60 right now , and probably on any given day as well . Well done , sir . Comment from : Thomas Blight posted at December 17 , 2006 10:47 PM . Wistful Dreamer : I really do n't remember the details of the incident all that well , so I might be mistaken , but consider Squidi and the drama surrounding him from a while back . Not to say that that sort of thing happens all the time or even occasionally , but if I were in Danny 's position , I would probably have to consider the possibility . I loved that , although I do n't think Sorkin 's ever done three straight scenes without a \" not for nothing \" in there somewhere . Speaking of \" comic strips used to be epic \" , have you seen the new Popeye collection ? It 's so great . Comment from : Dragonmuncher posted at December 18 , 2006 12:01 AM . Second off , and it seems like I 'm the only who has a problem with this , but this line confused me : . \" If they grab strips with the broadest appeal , that fit together into a cohesive comics page , representing the spectrum of comics while remaining consistent in quality , the word will get out . \" This line was used as an argument AGAINST getting Pennyfarthing . Now , would n't getting a popular gaming comment fit exactly into a comic that 's part of the \" spectrum of comics while remaining consistent in quality ? \" The other arguments about overshadowing the other comics , and the rest , make sense , but saying \" we should n't sign this comic because it 's extremely popular despite being in one of the most competitive niche genres \" does n't make sense to me . The key phrase is \" that fit together into a cohesive comics page . \" Pennyfarthing would n't fit with the other comics . It 's a good comic in their world , but it does n't gel with the other comics they 've selected . It would break the effect they 're going for . Comment from : GG posted at December 18 , 2006 3:39 AM . I have to chime in with the praise for this . The Sports Night DVDs just made the move to the top of the player , since now I 'll have to watch them in the near - to - immediate future . Comment from : miyaa posted at December 18 , 2006 7:16 AM . Damn , Eric . Your writing has done a first for me : kept me awake . It 's not quite Sorkin , but it 's certainly interesting . And yeah , the dialog for most modern tv tales these days is rather sporadic . The conversation makes me wonder : How the Hell did Penny Arcade get to be so damn popular ? ( I follow it , too , grant you , but still if their Child 's Play charity is any indication these guys are going to a factor for at least ten more years . ) I respectfully disagree with Jubai 's assessment that editorial control is what will help webcomics to thrive these days . I think it 's actually going to be book publishing and turning the webcomics to an permanent product that you can hold in your hands without a need of a computer , Ipod , or some blackberry device . That also includes any products or advertisement deals they can find . I really do n't believe webcomics would turn to editorial content to help pay their bills if it means giving up their own editorial control . \" Jokes about Super Mario Brothers never go out of style , do they ? \" Ai n't that the truth ... . Seriously , you ought to make this your next websnark podcast , Eric . Seriously . I really do n't believe webcomics would turn to editorial content to help pay their bills if it means giving up their own editorial control . I 'm not going to claim Jubal speaks for me , mind , but you 're missing the difference between editorial standards and editorial control . When Jake and Debbie have their ( moderately strawman , because hey -- Sorkin ) debate , one of Jake 's key points is Debbie does n't want to give up her editorial control . Jubal , on the other hand , is speaking of editorial standards -- the set of professional expectations and aesthetic decisions designed to produce a specific lineup of webcomics that properly fit together . I too would audition for the podcast version of this . I 've been Nick Bottom , Teddy Brewster , Horace Vandergelder and Clark Kent onstage , and both Felix and Oscar at once in forensic competition . Comment from : Michael Weaver posted at December 18 , 2006 10:45 AM . I 've never been a fan of Sorkin , but this made my day . If this really is about how he used to write , I might have to take a look back at his old stuff and see what I 've been missing ; still , this definitely has your mark on it . It 's a little hard to pick anything out of this , really ; although it 's not a realistic workplace , as you said , it 's a good dramatic framework for the politics underneath webcomics . My favorite point is the contrast between what people think is important and what 's actually important for success ( Alexa vs. Google / Technorati , fringe audiences vs. the Slashdot / PA effect ... ) \" This is how wars break out \" indeed , Danny . Still , I doubt this would happen on TV ; the only time I 've seen this effect was in the movie Collateral , after all . Ah , and I second \" Trust me . Bill Amend trumps the alphabet \" for best single line . I 've seen that happen in Borders , after all . Comment from : reebchan posted at December 18 , 2006 11:45 AM . This made me really happy , and nostalgic for the good ol' Sorkin days , when the funny consistently trumped the dirty laundry . But mostly happy . I 'm shocked that you were able to reproduce these conversations -- ones that we had during your brief stint as Modern Tales editor -- with such startling accuracy . Ha ! This would be the best webcomic ever , if you could find just the right artist . Brian Moore maybe ? Roger Langridge ? Neil Babra ? You should steal them . Comment from : Will \" Scifantasy \" Frank posted at December 18 , 2006 1:09 PM . I 'd audition for the podcast too , come to think of it . I think I 'd make a decent Simon . Comment from : Egarwaen posted at December 18 , 2006 1:24 PM . This would be the best webcomic ever , if you could find just the right artist . And if Eric could actually keep producing it for more than 6 months ... . Comment from : Egarwaen posted at December 18 , 2006 1:40 PM . I disagree with everyone saying that this eneds to be made into a webcomic . This is n't webcomic writing - this is television writing . It 'd make a fantastic videocast ( which is something to consider , definitely , if you want to develop this more ) , but a mediocre webcomic at best . The pacing is very different in webcomics . Even the best webcartoonists at snappy banter - Allison , Jacques and the like - do n't approach the sort of pacing needed to make Sorkin 's dialogue flow well . Wait , that 's what Sorkin 's writing is like ? Now I 'm wondering why my friends are all trying to lend me their Sports Night DVDs . You know what 's funny in all this ? I read the above , and saw in many places , Eric 's interpretation of Sorkin 's interpretation of us . Not that all of us are webcomics creators or syndicators or so on , but in between clipped sentences , I recognize quite a bit of Websnark . And not just Eric 's stuff ( which is there of course ) , but I saw a bit of Lark , a bit of Miyaa , and a few others I 've come to know as words on a blog . As for this kind of thing being a regular thing ... I dunno . It 's funny in one shot as a parody , but I could already feel it wear on me . I could n't imagine being entertained by this continuing . Maybe it 's just Sorkin not being my cup of \" I - can't - taste - it - anyway \" tea , though . Comment from : Pooga posted at December 18 , 2006 3:34 PM . Wow . Just wow . I recently revisited the complete Sports Night DVD collection , and this is the kind of writing that made me such a fan of that series . Not only that , but I think the \" webcomic office \" scenario , unrealistic as it is , would be a much better setting for a series than Studio 60 . The struggling underdog vibe of Sports Night brought the kind of dramatic tension that is mirrored in this setting . I also agree with Darth Paradox . This flows like a film . It might be interesting to see it done as an animated film ( especially an animated film that mimicked Sorkin 's pedeconference scenes ) , but it just would n't flow right in comic form . That 's not a knock on the comic form by any means . There 's a lot of brilliant comic - form humor , action & dialog that just would not play in a film / tv / animation format . Not without such rewrites as to significantly change the tone of the writing . Same thing would happen here . I 've no doubt Eric could write a brilliant webcomic using the same setting and characters he used here , but it would not have the \" Sorkinesque \" feel of this . Not and still be brilliant . Comment from : ExMember posted at December 18 , 2006 8:20 PM . Alright Eric , you 're brilliant . Fine . Whatever . Your homework is to write a pilot television script . Like this , but with a couple of modifications : . You should change the setting . This office is n't real . That shows . But you have to be equally passionate about your new setting as you are about this one . It also has to have people in it who are as passionate as these characters . You are obviously passionate about web comics , but web comic related characters do n't interact in person much . If you do n't have any equal or greater passions you can use a convention as a setting , or you can move a few years in the future to where this office does exist . ( A convention setting will make it difficult to make it a long - running show , but with great characters and great writing that is something that can be overcome . In addition , it 'll give us an excuse to make four hours of convention into one hour of television . And if there are only six one - hour episodes of great material available , it is far from a sin to do that and stop there . ( n.b . Battlestar Galactica , Star Wars ) ) . Keep everything you love about Sorkin 's writing . Do n't be the least be ashamed about this . Good writers borrow . Great ones steal . Lose everything you hate about Sorkin 's writing . ( Ie the walk - and - talk where the characters have nowhere to go and no reason to be walking . ) And please , please , please , give me a chance to audition . There is nothing an actor love more than to work with good writing . A. No . This ( and Sorkin 's ) writing does not lend itself to a comic or even animated format . It must be shot . I 'd be pricing steadicams if I were you . Seriously . Although a table - read style podcast would rock if you had the right performers endowed with the proper Sorkin comic - dramatic timing of just almost stepping on each other 's lines . Someone mentioned setting it in a convention but having to pare an entire convention down to 1 hour would be difficult . What about an entire series called ' Convention . ' The same way ' 24 ' or ' Big Day ' has each episode represent a real - time hour in one day , each episode would be 1 hour of the Con and the imaginary angling by online syndicates and collectives to land the next big webcomic creator ! Just think of the crazy characters and cameo possibilities ! Bah , a television series about a convention could n't work . You would lack the vital olfactory compnent that 's quite evident at any convention . You do n't have the con experience if you do n't ever smell con funk . Comment from : fjafjan posted at December 19 , 2006 12:11 PM . You ( and Sorkin ) need a little editing . At least three spots would have been better if there were less repetition , and also ? Having everyone saying everyone 's name when they talk to them is annoying . Eurgh . Comment from : ruds posted at December 19 , 2006 11:53 PM . I actually just watched the first 3 DVDs of SportsNight with my parents ( early Christmas ! ) in the last couple days , and this is dead on . Though you 're missing the preachy alcoholic . Comment from : Connor Moran posted at December 30 , 2006 2:23 AM . A little late on the commenting here , but hey , it 's not like there 's a lot of new stuff burying this on the page . I think Jubal 's thesis here is a classic example of what some in the blogosphere have dubbed the Nunberg Error . That is , simultaneously exaggerating the future impact of novel technologies while utterly ignoring social changes . It extrapolated the technological impact of plastics far beyond reality while utterly missing the possibility that 50s housewives would not be a permanent fixture of our culture . In the same way Jubal assumes that the internet will brush away traditional print media while ignoring the substantial social changes that the internet has on the way we take in media . While he is right that the primary problem of web - based media is sorting the wheat from the chaff , I think he is very short - sighted in assuming that old fashioned elitist editorial decision making is the way that we will solve that problem . On the web , and particularly in the world of Web 2.0 , that problem is n't solved by a few gatekeepers , but by the sheer power of social networks , of linking , of friending . It 's worth noting that the Myspace - style webcomic site signed up hundreds of members in a few days . The other flawed assumption he makes is that there will still be singularly definitive comics for the culture as a whole the way there were in the past . That sort of monolithic culture is history , even in more traditional media than the internet . There just are n't events like Lucy 's baby or the Beatles on Ed Sullivan or the moon landing . Highly specialized magazines have replaced general - interest ones like Readers Digest as the primary periodical reading material . This is even more true on the internet . The most popular webcomics do n't target a general audience the way Li'l Abner , Peanuts , Doonesbury , and Calvin and Hobbes did . They target niches . This trend towards niches , more than the decline of the newspaper , accounts for the lack of a definitive comic of the 2000s . And the web is n't going to change any of that . "}
{"url": "http://www.omgblog.com/2009/10/omg_hes_naked_matthew_settle.php/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148834.81/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00100-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Shapiro on DBB Review . As the author of over 100 peer - reviewed scientific papers and 4 science books for the public , I can add the following comments . I was sent an examination copy of Darwin 's Black Box when it was in near - final form . At that point in most cases , a contract has been signed , advance payments against anticipated revenue have been sent to the author , and the publisher is committed to publication , except under unusual circumstances . I was acting as an editorial consultant , rather than a peer reviewer . In my experience , the principal concern of the editor of a Trade ( mass - market ) book at that point is that the book be marketable , rather than factually correct ( libel is undesirable , but is the responsibility of the author ) . Peer review , for a scientific journal , is a very different process . I had seen a significant number of Creation Science books in the previous few years , and Professor Behe 's book was better than them , both in his mastery of the basic ( non - controversial ) biochemical background and the clarity of his exposition . I also disagreed totally with his conclusions , and let the editor know it . My own opinions on the origin of life field can be found on p 234 of Darwin 's Black Box or at greater length in my own book : Origins : A Skeptics Guide to the Creation of Life on Earth . That book is out of print at the current time , but available in many libraries . Some of the material is also presented in my more recent Planetary Dreams , which is still in print . I am not expert in evolutionary theory , but have no reason to quarrel with the conclusions of my scientific colleagues who are better informed . I feel however that the origin of life is a topic that is more fundamental to the debate over intelligent design . The difference between a mixture of simple chemicals and a bacterium is much more profound than the gulf between a bacterium and an elephant . My criticisms of the dominant scientific dogma on the origin of life ( by which I mean RNA World and closely related theories ) are shared by Nobel Laureate Christian de Duve and a number of other prominent scientists who nonetheless are a minority in the field . For a brief , technical summary of my criticisms , see my paper : A Replicator Was Not Involved in the Origin of Life : IUBMB Life 49 , 173 - 176 ( 2000 ) . A much more thorough discussion , which also describes a path that I believe will lead to a good scientific solution , will appear in next June 's issue of The Quarterly Review of Biology . For those of you who are impatient , and wish a fairly similar point of view , I would suggest that you consult the books and papers of Professor Harold Morowitz . As a final comment I will add that I am not a Christian , but an Agnostic . I was selected as an editorial consultant for Darwin 's Black Box because the editor was aware that Professor Behe and I are both critics of conventional origin - of - life theories . Dr. Shapiro is Professor Emeritus and Senior Research Scientist in the Department of Chemistry at New York University . Categories : . The difference between a mixture of simple chemicals and a bacterium is much more profound than the gulf between a bacterium and an elephant . Probably true , but both leave out so many steps that it 's a funny comparison . My criticisms of the dominant scientific dogma on the origin of life ( by which I mean RNA World and closely related theories ) are shared by Nobel Laureate Christian de Duve and a number of other prominent scientists who nonetheless are a minority in the field . Is there any high school biology text that covers RNA world ? I sort of remember way back when that there might have been a brief mention of the Miller - Urey experiment , but I 'm not sure , and even if so , it might have just been a comment by the teacher . We sure were n't tested on any abiogenesis hypothesis . Abiogenesis is really not a topic in biology at all and certainly has nothing to do with Darwinian natural selection . I 'm not sure why Shapiro , who sounds like a reasonable enough person ( who holds a minority position which - by the way - is not being supressed ) would want to aid and abet the creationists in conflating evolution and abiogenesis . I am not expert in evolutionary theory , but have no reason to quarrel with the conclusions of my scientific colleagues who are better informed . I feel however that the origin of life is a topic that is more fundamental to the debate over intelligent design . Several of Behe 's ' irreducibly complex ' examples do not fall into that category . Blood clotting and the immune system make no sense until you have multicellular organisms with a circulatory system . As for the RNA World theory , it is doing well enough that any theory that is to be successful will have to take notice of its successes , including the revelation that the catalytic core of the ribosome consists of RNA . I 'm not sure if you 're reading this or not , but thanks for sharing your thoughts on this subject . I think it 's extremely important to the debate to dispel the notion that peer - review for books is the same as peer - review for scientific journals . Your contribution will certainly advance that cause . While I 'd agree that origin - of - life research has not advanced as far as evolutionary biology , it 's important to note that ID offers no scientific means with which to actually address the origin of life question , and that is essentially by design . Although Dr. Shapiro does not explicitly say that he recommended Behe 's book for publication , such a conclusion seems to transpire from his post . From his explanation also seems to follow that the reason for such a recommendation was that Behe 's opus was \" better than other creationist books . \" Rather week foundation for recommending a book with whose conclusions Shapiro claims to be completely in disagreement . Perhaps some light on the reasons for Shapiro 's approval of book 's publication may be shed if we notice in his post the reference to a supposed \" scientific dogma \" in the field of origin of life research . As a scientist , Shapiro must have realized that the very expression \" scientific dogma \" is an oxymoron . In science there are no dogmas , only certain wide - accepted ( but never converted into dogmas ) theories , and others , \" not - so - wide accepted \" hypotheses . In the field of origin of life there are so far no commonly accepted theories , not to mention dogmas , but only certain hypotheses which are extensively discussed and freely critiqued . Some of these hypotheses have more adherents than others , but none has so far become anywhere close to a \" dogma . \" Perhaps Dr. Shapiro is a good scientist and a straight shooter , but his name will from now on be ( at least tangentially ) associated with Behe 's infamous screed . Pity . You might mention the RNA World in an AP Biology class , but not in a 9 th /10 th grade intro course . Even in the AP , the pace is so fast that it would not be an extended discussion beyond its basic premises . Just as an aside , there is a new book out that covers the various origin theories out there , titled Gen - e - sis : The Scientific Quest for Life 's Origins by Robert Hazen . After Prof. Shapiro was kind enough to drop by PT , it would be a real shame if this thread were to turn into a forum for undeserved bashing of him . I have only a cursory acquaintance with his ideas ( as a simple - minded molecular biologist the chemistry of origin - of - life theories is well over my head ) but I certainly know that he in no way has suggested that life has a miraculous , non - naturalistic explanation , quite the contrary . As to his consultant 's report on Behe 's book , what more would you have had him do than indicate that he totally disagreed with Behe 's conclusions ? Perhaps the \" dogma \" ( and I agree that it 's a misnomer ) is simply that \" it 's replicators all the way down . \" i.e. the belief that eventually abiogenesis will be a part of the fold of evolutionary theory . Being a meta - scientific proposition , this could more accurately be labelled a \" dogma , \" though I 'm not sure how rigidly it is adered to by the life - sciences community . I mention this aspect because of the title of the paper Dr. Shapiro references , \" A Replicator was not involved ... \" . And , on the subject of \" dogmas \" in science generally , is n't the one gene - one protein coding relationship commonly called the \" central dogma \" of the Synthesis ? After Prof. Shapiro was kind enough to drop by PT , it would be a real shame if this thread were to turn into a forum for undeserved bashing of him . Professor Shapiro appears to be an adult who can take care of himself . Was Professor Shapiro informed before posting that comments would be censored or prohibited if they were critical of Professor Shapiro ? After Prof. Shapiro was kind enough to drop by PT , it would be a real shame if this thread were to turn into a forum for undeserved bashing of him . My intent was not to bash ; I 'm just worried that his comments are vulnerable to quote mining . I have no opinion at all about RNA world , and would be interested as a layperson in any reasonable theory of abiogenesis with explanatory power and testable hypotheses . Gee , sorry for the misbegotten query , there R.U. I had , in fact , heard of Google , which is a great resource , if all you want is an answer to a direct question . The point : there are n't really dogmas in science , but some scientific concepts are sometimes called dogmas by scientists . A small point , nothing more . PaulC - it must be recognized that all comments by scientists are vulnerable to creationist quote mining unless they plainly call out creationists on their garbage . That is why I try to make it a point to mention as often as possible that ID peddlers are morons , charlatans and/or liars . Ad hominems ? Not when I can explain at lengthy why I use those terms . They are the most accurate descriptors of creationists of all stripes . Like all humans attempting to attract attention to their ideas , scientists tend to frame their discoveries in ways which make them seem more interesting or important than they turn out to be in \" reality \" , i.e. , as a practical matter . When Professor Shapiro positions himself as a member of a small group of deep - thinking scientists struggling to overcome a \" paradigm \" or \" dogma \" , he is appealing to the fondness of human beings for timeless stories along the lines of David and Goliath . There 's nothing wrong with that . People , including scientists , love that kind of framing . Creationists know this and use it to their advantage , of course , but so do many many many scientists . But great care should be taken in these troubled times to ensure to the extent possible that one does not throw bones to the implacable hound dog of modern creationism . As Paul Nelson has recently demonstrated in another thread , quote - mining is all these pathetic losers do . ( what else are they supposed to do ? you ca n't do any experiments to test their non - science baloney ) . Another bad habit of scientists is to pretend that creationism peddlers are honest and sincere . They are not . I strongly urge everyone to watch the American Enterprise Insitute video which shows Lying Ryland of the Discovery Institute get caught in a bald - faced lie by none other than Richard Thomas of the Thomas More Law Center ! ! ! This incident should be brought up every time Ryland 's name is mentioned . Ryland is a DOCUMENTED LIAR . He did not apologize for his lie . He did not retract his statement . He just sat there and refused to comment . What kind of human beings behave this way ? Sincere human beings ? Honest human beings ? Please . Paul Nelson is not an \" honorable man . \" He is a professional DOCUMENTED LIAR . Miller himself caught Nelson playing with words like they were taffy and responding to pointed questions with pure smoke . An \" honorable man \" ? ? ? ? Perhaps Ken was being sarcastic but I 'm certain the sarcasm was lost on his audience . Bottom line : Professor Shapiro is certainly to be commended for his recent forthrightness with respect to Intelligent Design garbage . But those of us who recognize the success the Discovery Institute has had in promulgating its anti - science agenda to date must be exceedingly clear about our opinions with respect to the individuals who carry water for the anti - science ( and pro - Christian theocracy ) movement in this country . That is the only way we can prevent these lying individual human beings from using our own work against us . We have ample evidence that the DI and its ilk will quote - mine , misinterpret real controversies , peddle nice - sounding rhetoric to gull the unsuspecting whom they will then quote - mine , misinterpret , etc . The real harm to science would come if those like Prof. Shapiro were hesitant to state their non - mainstream views for fear of being misquoted by the IDC - ers . I liked Shapiro 's book \" Origins : A Skeptics Guide to the Creation of Life on Earth \" . I seem to remember that , whilst being critical of some of the then current origin of life theories , he was absolutely clear that all appeals to the supernatural were absolutely verboten . He was in fact pretty severe on the creationists . Also , I rather enjoyed his demolition of the nutty idea from Fred Hoyle that \" it came from outer space \" . So I just do n't know how he got mixed up in this Behe thing ..... . Dr. Shapiro , in light of your post above , would you be willing to elaborate on the following , which appears on the back of Darwin 's Black Box : . - Robert Shapiro , author of Origins : A Skeptic 's Guide to the Creation of Life on Earth . This quote certainly gives me no sense that you completely disagree with Behe 's conclusions . Were you quoted inaccurately or out of context ? If not , why would you recommend as \" essential reading \" a book that , in your opinion , reaches totally erroneous conclusions ? I do not mean to bash . I am genuinely curious to know why you thought there was such value in Behe 's book if it was ultimately completely wrong . The real harm to science would come if those like Prof. Shapiro were hesitant to state their non - mainstream views for fear of being misquoted by the IDC - ers . I do n't think that 's likely to happen - and certainly not due to blog comments from strangers . What bugs me is Shapiro 's reference to the \" origin of life question \" , which is not relevant to the Dover trial , which is about evolution , not abiogenesis , and how to teach it in high school biology . While abiogenesis might be relevant to a review of Behe 's book , that 's only because it 's to Behe 's advantage to mix it into the matter of evolution . It 's understandable that Shapiro wants to talk about abiogenesis , since that 's the part where he disagrees with the majority of scientists . But his comments sort of muddy the waters with respect to Dover . His comments are useful in establishing that his review was not as rigorous as Behe would like us to think , but they lack message discipline . People who really want to help fight ID and creationism ought to be more careful . As far as I know , high school students in an introductory biology class are not taught any particular explanation for how life appeared in the first place . Given the state of our knowledge , that 's probably the right way to handle it . On the other hand , they need to be taught that evolution is an established fact . Similarly , while I applaud Ken Miller and recognize that no other person on earth is as skilled at destroying creationist peddlers in real time in a live debate as he is , I was shocked to hear him refer to Paul Nelson as \" an honorable man \" . Maybe he intended it to be taken this way . ANTONY Friends , Romans , countrymen , lend me your ears ; I come to bury Caesar , not to praise him . The evil that men do lives after them ; The good is oft interred with their bones ; So let it be with Caesar . The noble Brutus Hath told you Caesar was ambitious : If it were so , it was a grievous fault , And grievously hath Caesar answer'd it . Here , under leave of Brutus and the rest- For Brutus is an honourable man ; So are they all , all honourable men- . This is the sort of indefensible garbage that merits a retraction , and explanation , and an apology from Professor Shapiro to the scientific community . Has Professor Shapiro offered any of these ? If not , why not ? Other than the normal human resistance to admitting mistakes , what possible reason could Professor Shapiro have for not retracting , explaining and apologizing for the above paragraph which inarguably praises to High Heaven the work of a notorious charlatan and anti - science propagandist ? This is a crucial problem , in my humble opinion . Back - scratching and bed - lying with those who seek to erode science in this country for the purpose of selling books is inexcusable . The ID'ists would crawl naked over broken glass to get any ..... ANY ...... tiny bit of speculation , which they see as scientific evidence , that shows the slightest hint of contradiction in critical thinking to use it as \" aha ! I told you so , they ca n't agree , and that \" proves \" any part of their argument against evolution \" . Another tried and true method to improve the image of your product is to associate it with another highly respected \" product \" in this case ID \" science \" with REAL science . Both products become synonymous in the public mind the prestige of one transfers to the other . The public ca n't tell the difference do n't care and do n't want to know . In politics , marketing and war anything goes . They turn mere speculation and philosophic musings into proof . Members of that constituency assert or reclaim ways of understanding their distinctiveness that challenge dominant oppressive characterizations , with the goal of greater self - determination . I noticed that some of comments started getting critical of Dr. Shapiro , because he reviewed \" Darwin 's Black Box \" . But , his abiogenesis questions are really another matter altogether and he does n't appear to be a creationist . Recall that what started this whole discussion was Behe 's absurd claim that \" Darwin 's Black Box \" was more thoroughly peer reviewed than most research papers . Of the three supposed peer - reviewers in this supposedly thorough process , two have already claimed they panned or did n't actually read the book and Dr. Shapiro claims he disagreed with it . ( Although it seems he probably told the publisher it was well - written enough to be marketable ) . But please direct your attention to the main point here . In other words , Behe has been caught flatly , and obscenely , lying here . It 's not an exaggeration , it 's a lie - the book received NO actual peer - review . Zip . And he also lied under oath . But , alas , after his cross - examination Behe can now plausibly avoid a perjury charge by claiming that he 's too stupid to understand the difference between an editorial consultant ion and peer - review . Yes , K.E. you are correct . The current political movement is exactly the same , just dressed differently . Fascism is alive and well in our own government and popular culture . And , it needs to be exposed and excised as soon as possible so that our society can get back on track and stop losing ground to the rest of the educated world . Just an amusing postscript to my last post . The phrase \" consultant ion \" appears in the last sentence . I meant , of course \" consultation \" . I used the site 's spell checker and had made a typo and I just accepted the first option it provided . So how did \" consultant ion \" got into the spell checker 's dictionary in the first place ? Some of you folks must have a lot of time on your hands to read entire books filled with worthless garbage . Perhaps you enjoy pretending that Michael Behe is making a subtle or complicated argument instead of reciting an ancient argument from ignorance , shrouded in mined quotes and bespecked with coded allusions to his deity . Shapiro remains a stooge with dollar signs in his eyeballs . The plan was likely this : I 'll write a nice blurb for Behe and Behe will write a nice blurb for me . \" Some of you folks must have a lot of time on your hands to read entire books filled with worthless garbage . \" This appears to be a faulty inference . No creationist could do a better job of presenting unsupported slander . \" I 'm not holding my breath for a retraction from Professor Shapiro . \" Retraction of what ? That DBB is the best written case for the bogus nonsense known as Intelligent Design ? That is , basically what he said . If you think he 's wrong , tell us what better case there is for that particular bogus nonsense . The theory of emergence is poised to answer a multitude of questions even as it raises the possibility that natural processes exist beyond what we now know , perhaps beyond what we even comprehend . Genesis tells the tale of transforming scientific advances in our quest for life s origins . Written with grace , beauty , and authority , it goes directly to the heart of who we are and why we are here . No creationist could do a better job of presenting unsupported slander . Coming from an apologist for lazy back - slappers like Shapiro , I could take this as a compliment . Unfortunately , you seem to be having trouble making sense . I have not slandered anyone . And my support is found in the common knowledge shared by all adults who understand a few simple principles of human behavior and are n't ashamed to admit what those principles are . Does Professor Shapiro write books \" for the public \" ? Does he want to sell as many copies of his books as possible ? What about Behe ? Does Behe write books ? Does Behe want to sell as many copies of his books \" to the public \" as possible ? How might these two men persuade skeptical readers to pick up a copy of their respective books ? If you think he 's wrong , tell us what better case there is for that particular bogus nonsense . What an asinine request . Just read what you wrote , morbius ! Absurd nonsense . There are no \" best \" versions of facile arguments from ignorance worth acknowledging as such . Whether Behe 's version is buried under more meters of doggy doo - doo than other versions only shows how horribly warped Behe 's mind is - warped around dollar signs and delusions of religious grandeur . My comments that appeared on the jacket of Darwin 's Black Box were only a portion of those I sent to the editor , and do not reflect the extent to which I disagree with the book 's conclusions . As a scientist who has written for the public in my own books , I did appreciate Professor Behe 's ability to communicate basic biochemistry . As a peer reviewer , however , I would reject any article submitted to a scientific journal that invoked a supernatural solution . As an advocate of the free exchange of ideas ( except those which would lead to physical harm to others ) , I feel that Darwin 's Black Box should have been published as a book , even if I did not agree with it . Further , I feel that such ideas deserve the best possible presentation . If they fail , I would prefer that they do because of their innate flaws , rather than because the presenter lacks appropriate writing skills . Some of you may remember the film \" Patton \" . In one memorable scene , Patton , having defeated General Rommel on the battlefield , shouts out \" Rommel , I read your book . \" In that same spirit I would still recommend that all those who oppose Intelligent Design read the best - written books that advocate it , if only to learn the arguments that they will have to deal with . On another topic , I do not know the extent to which the RNA World idea has entered high school textbooks , but it appears in college textbooks and in the media as though it was a theory that was well supported by scientific evidence . The description of it as \" dogma \" is not my own invention ; it was used by a Nobel Laureate in private correspondence . The other use of the word that was mentioned in the thread was in the \" Central Dogma of Molecular Biology \" . Francis Crick has admitted that he did not know what the word \" dogma \" meant when he coined the phrase . To the person who mentioned that the catalytic part of the ribosome is RNA , I would add that RNA polymerase is a protein . But neither fact informs us about the origin of life . Finally , I should point out that there are two categories of Intelligent Design . In one , the designer is supernatural and uses means that can not be described by science . That view deserves no place in the science classroom , though I have no objection to its presentation as religion . In the other category , the designer ( or designers ) is material and located within this universe . This idea has been presented in books by such prominent scientists as Francis Crick and Fred Hoyle . It does qualify as science , but it is speculative and unsupported by evidence . In debates with William Dembski earlier this year ( they were officially called \" panels \" ) , I asked him which type of Intelligent Design he was advocating . He specifically denied the supernatural interpretation . But when I then asked him why he did not grant priority to Crick and especially to Hoyle , and endorse their ideas , he could give no good answer . I believe that this line of questioning strikes at the most vulnerable weakness in the Intelligent Design position , and should be used more frequently . In his latest comment , Professor Shapiro makes clear that his review of Behe 's DBB was not in any sense a peer review and that the comments he made have been effectively quote - mined by the editor to present them in the best light . This is standard procedure for book reviews and , I suspect most people would treat them with caution , and even , rarely , check the quote against the source . Are you in favour of censoring books because they present crazy ideas ? A much more effective sanction is not to buy the book . Professor has published , and continues to publish scholarly work , which is widely cited by others . He has openly declared himself opposed to the supernatural nonsense of ID . I think he should be complimented on sparing time and effort from his busy schedule in cancer research to clarify that he is on the side of science and reason . But when I then asked him why he did not grant priority to Crick and especially to Hoyle , and endorse their ideas , he could give no good answer . I believe that this line of questioning strikes at the most vulnerable weakness in the Intelligent Design position , and should be used more frequently . That 's what 's going on in Dover - IDists are being proven liars in court . It appears to me that Shapiro is naively allowing philosophical musing , Science Fiction , speculation without evidence and metaphysics to be considered legitimate debate under the guise of science as well as unwittingly assisting dogmatic fundamentalists with their tribal , \" identity politics \" attack on science education . He could not accept his ideas were so far removed from reality or that he was an embarrassment to his colleagues . As a physicist Hoyle was a hopeless biologist and not much of a philosopher either . However the Nobel prize is awarded by scientists to scientists for their body of work to science not wacky ideas with the potential to discredit science . Scientists , atheists and believers will help science best by remaining above dogma of any sort and let the evidence speak for itself . Professor Shapiro makes clear that his review of Behe 's DBB was not in any sense a peer review . That 's totally irrelevant to my point . the comments he made have been effectively quote - mined by the editor to present them in the best light . Yeah , I 'm sure the editor struggled real hard to turn this sentence : . Michael Behe has done a top - notch job of explaining and illuminating one of the most vexing problems in biology : the origin of the complexity that permeates all life on this planet .... . and this sentence : . This book should be on the essential reading list of all those who are interested in the question of where we came from , as it presents the most thorough and clever presentation of the design argument that I have ever seen . into something that sounded like a positive review of Behe 's creationist trash . What is \" grossly unfair \" is how you turn Shapiro 's naivety ( or greed ) into an attack on the book 's editor who was just doing his job . Now , if only Shapiro would stick to doing his job and get out of the business of praising the literary skills of anti - science charlatans . "}
{"url": "https://kelseysclutteredbookshelf.wordpress.com/2012/07/18/review-before-i-wake-by-rachel-vincent/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701962902.70/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205195242-00196-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "( PHOTO : Workers set up camp at Santiago 's Rio Mapocho / Mason Bryan , The Santiago Times ) Chile nears 1 month without mail service as postal worker protests continue . This week local branches of the 5 unions representing Correos de Chile voted on whether to continue their strike into a 2nd month , rejecting the union 's offer . For a week the workers have set up camp on the banks of Santiago 's R\u00edo Mapocho displaying banners outlining their demands ; framing the issue as a division of the rich & the poor . The strike 's main slogan ? \" Si tocan a uno , nos tocan a todos , \" it reads - if it affects 1 of us , it affects all of us . ( Read more at The Santiago Times ) . WHO convenes emergency talks on MERS virus . The move comes amid concern about the potential impact of October 's Islamic hajj pilgrimage , when millions of people from around the globe will head to & from Saudi Arabia . WHO health security chief Keiji Fukuda said the MERS meeting would take place Tuesday as a telephone conference & he told reporters it was a \" proactive move \" . The meeting could decide whether to label MERS an international health emergency , he added . The first recorded MERS death was in June 2012 in Saudi Arabia & the number of infections has ticked up , with almost 20 per month in April , May & June taking it to 79 . ( Read more at Xinhua ) . Dreams and nightmares - Chinese leaders have come to realize the country should become a great paladin of the free market & democracy & embrace them strongly , just as the West is rejecting them because it 's realizing they 're backfiring . This is the \" Chinese Dream \" - working better than the American dream . Or is it just too fanciful ? By Francesco Sisci . The South : Busy at the polls - South Korea 's parliamentary polls will indicate how potent a national backlash is against President Lee Myung - bak 's conservatism , perceived cronyism & pro - conglomerate policies , while offering insight into December 's presidential vote . Desire for change in the macho milieu of politics in Seoul can be seen in a proliferation of female candidates . By Aidan Foster - Carter . Pakistan climbs ' wind ' league - Pakistan is turning to wind power to help ease its desperate shortage of energy , & the country could soon be among the world 's top 20 producers . Workers & farmers , their land taken for the turbine towers , may be the last to benefit . By Zofeen Ebrahim . Do you have your eye on the world ? Help us expand the global perspective and tell the stories that shape it . SHARE what 's happening locally , globally wherever you are , however you can . Upload your news , videos , pictures & articles HERE & we 'll post them on MY HUM PLANET CONNECT . Learn something NEWS every day ! THX . Entries in ICG ( 5 ) . Ten years after signature of the Ohrid Framework Agreement ( OFA ) that ended fighting between the country 's ethnic Albanians and Macedonians , much of the agreement has been implemented , and a resumption of armed conflict is unlikely . Macedonia is justified in celebrating its success in integrating minorities into political life , but inter - party and inter - ethnic tensions have been growing for five years . Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski , who has just formed a new government , should work closely with his Albanian coalition partners and opposition parties to pass and implement the measures needed for more democratisation , inter - ethnic reconciliation and a solution to the name dispute with Greece . On 5 June Macedonia held elections that international observers assessed as generally positive and whose results political parties accepted quickly . The opposition Alliance of Social Democrats in Macedonia ( SDSM ) coalition increased its presence in parliament from 27 to 42 seats . Albanian parties should strengthen their loyalty to the state and engage more substantially in policy and decision - making . The new more pluralistic and balanced 123-seat parliament should foster greater cooperation among political elites and help overcome the highly polarised environment that was exacerbated during the SDSM 's four - month parliamentary boycott . A more balanced legislature should also temper the prime minister 's state - sponsored nationalism , most evident in the hugely expensive and divisive urban renewal program in Skopje , built around a nationalist vision of ancient Macedonia that is offensive to the country 's minorities and Greece alike . The failures to secure NATO membership in April 2008 and to begin negotiations over membership with the EU in 2009 , four years after obtaining candidate status , helped Gruevski secure support for his \" national renaissance \" policy line . The resulting increased emphasis on nationalism , however , is dividing Macedonians unhealthfully between \" patriots ' and \" traitors \" , irritating Albanians and discouraging Macedonia 's friends in the EU . The previous government coalition captured many state institutions , especially the parliament that it dominated . Political dialogue broke down , and Gruevski and the SDSM leader attacked each other in highly personal terms . Legislative boycotts and laws passed under emergency procedures undermined democratic debate . VMRO - DPMNE and DUI party members were favoured for public jobs , without regard for merit . The government reduced criticism in parts of the highly politicised media by buying favours through advertising . Selective fiscal investigation into and subsequent forced bankruptcy of the opposition - leaning television station A1 and detention of its owner were viewed at home and abroad as silencing criticism . As under past administrations , the judiciary lacked independence . Relations between ethnic Macedonians and Albanians also suffered . The government was criticised for not doing enough to ensure equitable representation , implement the law on languages and oppose cultural exclusion . At the same time , segregation in the education system was becoming more entrenched . Although a good institutional framework exists to promote and encourage inter - ethnic dialogue , relations suffered from weak central government support . The prevalent view among much of the Albanian political elite is that the DUI must be more forceful in articulating the needs of ethnic Albanians than it was in the previous coalition . Albanians are especially frustrated at successive governments ' inability to resolve the name issue . As Crisis Group has repeatedly argued , the dispute risks derailing the strategies of the EU and NATO to stabilise Macedonia and the wider region through integration and enlargement . Years of UN - mediated negotiations have made little progress , and further talks have not been scheduled . Macedonia in particular appears to be waiting for an International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) verdict in the case it brought for alleged violations of the 1995 Interim Agreement that regulates bilateral relations in the absence of a name agreement . The financial crisis in Greece and popular resentment of austerity measures there do not make it easy for the Greek leadership to focus on resolving the dispute . Nevertheless , Macedonia should seek decisive progress so as not to miss the opportunity to get the go - ahead for membership negotiations when the EU makes new enlargement decisions in December . Citizens of all ethnic backgrounds and political persuasion have reason to celebrate Ohrid 's tenth anniversary . The OFA has done much to reduce discrimination and inequality and maintain unity . It is still needed to forge a common understanding of the civic state . During his immediately preceding term as prime minister , however , Gruevski sought to build a strong state identity based on Macedonia 's ancient history , from which ethnic Albanians feel excluded . They are more focused on advocating a highly decentralised federal and bilingual state that ethnic Macedonians see as threatening to the country 's survival . The two concepts have little in common ; managing and shaping them so that they can provide mutual support or at least coexist constructively is difficult . But bringing Macedonia 's political and ethnic elites and ordinary citizens closer together around a shared vision of a unified multi - national state is a challenge that the new government can not avoid . Skopje / Istanbul / Brussels / Report by ICG August 11 , 2011 - for ICG 's recommendations please click here . Even before today 's independence celebrations , the GOSS had established offices in key African capitals , such as Addis Ababa . CREDIT : HUMNEWS . By Louise Arbour . South Sudan 's independence on Saturday will in some sense mark the welcome end of one of the most devastating conflicts of recent times . When decades of hostilities between North and South concluded with the signing of the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement , several million people had already died as a result of the civil war , and millions more had lost their homes . As a culmination of that peace deal , independence would seem to be the last chapter of the story . It is , however , anything but . Saturday 's formal separation may have been an inevitable and even necessary step , but these two states will be tied together for many years to come . Trying to work through outstanding disagreements , many of them already violent , will require difficult negotiations , political savvy , and carefully considered international engagement to ensure both North and South develop into peaceful and stable states . At this point , the signs do not look particularly good . Both sides have violated the 2005 agreement , and escalating tensions have sparked conflict in critical border areas . In May , Khartoum 's forces launched an attack on the contested town of Abyei . Even more worrisome , there is wide - scale fighting between Northern and Southern forces in the border state of Southern Kordofan . Reportedly some 360,000 people have been displaced over the past six months , more than half in the last month . The North , in particular the ruling National Congress Party ( N.C.P. ) , is moving boldly both to assert control over Northern territory and to improve its negotiating position vis - \u00e0 - vis the South on the post - independence arrangements . Of these , probably the most important to the North concerns oil revenue sharing , since Khartoum will lose a majority share of its primary income source , the petroleum being found predominantly in the South . In any case , revenue sharing , border demarcation , the status of southern military units from northern regions , as well as future arrangements on citizenship and natural resource management will likely remain points of contention for years to come , and could trigger large - scale violence . While both North and South will have to work closely together on these issues to avoid renewed war , each also faces extremely difficult internal challenges . In Khartoum , the ruling party 's rank and file are increasingly discontent . Despite austerity measures , the government is confronting a serious budget deficit and spiraling inflation , and it is not able to pay all salaries . The N.C.P. 's security - dominated policies are alienating huge swaths of Sudanese . Southern leaders meanwhile have to switch gears from the solidarity of the liberation struggle to the more mundane , though more divisive , tasks of running a democratic country . The signs are not encouraging . The new draft transitional constitution includes several red flags , including an amendment giving the president power to dismiss democratically elected governors as he pleases . The leading party in the South , the Sudan Peoples ' Liberation Movement ( S.P.L.M. ) , has to open up political space - both inside and outside the party - to lay the foundations for a more inclusive multiparty landscape . The international community also has an important role . To deal with Southern Kordofan , external actors need to get leaders back to the negotiating table with sufficient political will to contain the violence , including a cease - fire and new security arrangements for the transitional states . The initiative undertaken by the African Union 's High - Level Implementation Panel on Sudan , led by Thabo Mbeki , is a good first step . It helped lead to an agreement on Abyei , which is a welcome deescalation , but the international community can only preserve the status quo - both Khartoum and Juba need to make the hard decisions and compromises necessary for peaceful coexistence . Southern independence will also mean that the international community must recalibrate its relationship with the S.P.L.M. and avoid the tendency to overlook its abuses and constrictions of political space . If there is a single message for all parties it is surely \" inclusion . \" The leaders of North and South need to understand the broad spectrum of peoples and interests in their new polities and work hard to bring them in under their respective new roofs . And the international community must sustain its involvement and support to ensure that both North and South develop into peaceful and viable states . India has long been the country with the greatest influence over Sri Lanka but its policies to encourage the government there towards a sustainable peace are not working . Despite India 's active engagement and unprecedented financial assistance , the Sri Lankan government has failed to make progress on pressing post - war challenges . Government actions and the growing political power of the military are instead generating new grievances that increase the risk of an eventual return to violence . It should press for the demilitarisation of the north , a return to civil administration there and in the east and the end of emergency rule throughout the country . New Delhi 's relations with Sri Lanka in the two years since the defeat of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) have had four main priorities : . providing humanitarian assistance to displaced Tamils in the north and east ; . supporting major development projects , primarily in the north , with concessionary loans ; . pressing the Sri Lankan government and the main Sri Lankan Tamil political alliance , the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) , to work towards a negotiated settlement of ethnic conflict through the devolution of power to Tamil - majority areas in the north and east ; and . encouraging greater economic integration between the two economies . India 's approach has so far paid only limited dividends . Deepening militarisation and Sinhalisation in the northern province have increased the insecurity and political marginalisation of Tamils and are undermining prospects for inter - ethnic reconciliation . The government continues to resist any investigation or accounting for mass atrocities in the final months of the war . Democratic governance is under sustained assault throughout the country , as power is concentrated in the president 's family and the military ; attacks on independent media and political opponents continue with impunity . Even on Indian - sponsored development projects and economic integration , the Sri Lankan government has dragged its feet ; for example , construction has begun on only a handful of the 50,000 houses India has offered to build in the northern province . While officials in New Delhi admit they are frustrated , India remains hesitant to press President Rajapaksa 's regime very hard . This is due in part to its history of counter - productive interventions in Sri Lanka . India 's interventions have made Sri Lankans of all communities suspicious , limiting India 's room for manoeuvre . Many Sinhalese see India as favouring Tamils and as wanting to weaken or divide the country , despite its crucial role in destroying the Tamil Tigers . For many Tamils , on the other hand , India is seen as having repeatedly broken its pledges to defend their rights and protect their lives , especially during the final phase of the war in 2009 . India 's reluctance to put serious pressure on the Sri Lankan government is also due to strategic considerations , in particular its desire to counter the growing influence of China , whose financial and political support the Rajapaksa government has been cultivating . India 's own growing economic interests in Sri Lanka have also tempered its political activism . New Delhi 's traditional reluctance to work through multilateral bodies or in close coordination with other governments - due in part to its fear of international scrutiny of its own conflicts , particularly in Kashmir - has also significantly weakened its ability to influence Sri Lanka . India , nonetheless , has strong reasons to work for fundamental changes in Sri Lanka 's post - war policies . It has a clear interest in preventing either a return to violent militancy or the consolidation on its borders of another authoritarian government with an overly powerful military . India 's own democratic values and successes in accommodating ethnic diversity should also encourage an activist approach , especially as it seeks recognition as a rising global power with hopes of a permanent seat on the UN Security Council . India 's own restive domestic Tamil constituency , to which the central government needs to respond for electoral considerations , is pressing for stronger action . After decades of actively supporting minority rights and devolution of power in Sri Lanka , India has its reputation on the line . With the much - hated LTTE defeated with Indian assistance , New Delhi should , in principle , have more leeway to push for reforms . If it is serious about promoting a stable and democratic Sri Lanka , India will have to rebalance its priorities and press more consistently and in concert with other powers for major political reforms in Sri Lanka . Parties in Tamil Nadu , in turn , will need to use their leverage with New Delhi in consistent and principled ways , even at the risk of sacrificing potentially profitable political deals . India 's support for negotiations between the Sri Lankan government and the Tamil National Alliance , which belatedly began in January 2011 , has been useful and should be maintained . But the immediate focus of the talks and of Indian influence should shift from pressing for effective devolution of power to demilitarising the north and east and rebuilding meaningful democratic institutions and freedoms . This would require : . re - establishing the authority of the local civil administration in the north and east to oversee development and humanitarian assistance without interference by the military or central government ; . holding the long - delayed election for the Northern Provincial Council ; . publicising the names and locations of all those detained on suspected involvement with the LTTE ( including those in \" rehabilitation \" centres ) ; . expediting the release of land currently designated as ( or operating as de facto ) high - security zones ; and . removing arbitrary restrictions on political activities and on the humanitarian activities of local and international NGOs . India should monitor its projects in the north more closely and insist , along with other donors , that they effectively empower local people . India should insist on working through the newly elected local governments and , eventually , with the Northern Provincial Council . To make this possible , India will need to coordinate more closely with Japan , Western donors and international development banks . Together they have the political and financial leverage to influence the Rajapaksa administration should they choose to use it . India should revive its idea of a donors conference to review post - war progress and to push the government to demilitarise the north , lift the state of emergency and relax anti - terrorism laws . At the same time , it should send strong , public messages to the Sri Lankan government on the need for domestic action on accountability . It should also work towards the establishment of a truth commission that would examine the injustices and crimes suffered by all communities , including those committed by all parties during the Indian army 's presence in northern Sri Lanka in the late 1980s . Acknowledging the suffering of all communities will be necessary for lasting peace . India should broaden its political agenda from focusing solely on devolution and ensuring the rights of Tamils . Without a reversal of the Sri Lankan government 's growing authoritarianism , centralisation of power and continued repression of dissent , any devolution will be meaningless and the risks of renewed conflict will increase . India 's longstanding interest in a peaceful and politically stable Sri Lanka is best served by strong messages to Colombo to end impunity and reverse the democratic decay that undermines the rights of all Sri Lankans . By raising political concerns that affect all of Sri Lanka 's communities , India can also counter suspicions among Sinhalese and eventually strengthen its hand with the government . This will take some time , but the work should start now . - International Crisis Group June 23 , 2011 . The International Crisis Group is an independent , non - profit , non - governmental organisation committed to preventing and resolving deadly conflict . An entire PDF version of this report can be found here . Albania 's second disputed election in three years threatens to push the country over the edge . Almost two weeks after local elections , preliminary results have yet to be announced . This is the time for sustained , coordinated international action to press parties to abide by the legal framework in place . The Socialist Party should immediately appeal the decision of the Central Election Commission ( CEC ) , to change counting procedures , to the highest appropriate legal mechanism ( the Electoral College ) , which should decide the issue on the basis of current practice . All parties should exercise restraint if conflict is to be avoided ; clarity is urgently required for the smooth running of future elections . The Economist is not exaggerating when it writes that , Albania today stands \" on the brink \" of a return to violence \" . A tight mayoral race in Tirana , a highly polarised environment which contributed to four deaths in January , and divisions within the security forces make bloodshed an unnerving possibility unless legal procedures are fully respected . Albania has a history of disputed elections , parliamentary boycotts and political violence . The unofficial preliminary results of the Tirana vote gave the incumbent , Socialist Party ( SP ) leader Edi Rama , an edge of just ten ballots over his rival , former Interior Minister Lulzim Basha , out of a quarter million cast . In a sense then , no one won the mayoral race : for all practical purposes , it was a draw . Albania nonetheless has to grant victory to one of the candidates on the most scrupulous application of previously - agreed rules . Any tactical application of new counting rules , no matter how fair they might sound in isolation , would ex - post facto alter the rules of the game and risk plunging Albania into chaos . After the Central Election Commission ( CEC ) -- dominated by the Democratic Party ( DP ) , which is part of the coalition behind Basha -- decided to change the counting procedure on 18 May , Rama and his Socialist supporters began threatening large scale protests . Minor clashes occurred between SP Members of Parliament and the police in front of the CEC immediately after announcement of the postponement . Two SP deputies are now under investigation for fomenting violence . There were more disturbances on 19 May. Until that point , the 8 May elections were generally considered calm , though at times voting was slow , and counting was a drawn out process . The delay was compounded when the CEC did not publish preliminary results for the Tirana race . The OSCE , the EU , and the US and European embassies in Tirana called on the CEC to complete tabulation of the Tirana results and publish them expeditiously on 17 May. They also noted that the appeals and claims procedures should be fully respected and the two main parties , the Socialist and Democratic Parties , should exercise self - restraint . The EU and EU High Representative Catherine Ashton made similar statements on 18 May. Ashton also added \" All political leaders carry a particular responsibility not to put lives of citizens at risk . \" Crisis Group fully supports these exhortations . Voters who had multiple ballots in Tirana to put in designated boxes sometimes failed to do so correctly , in part because the ballots were not clearly distinguished by color . The status of these ballots is the technical source of the current conflict . The Election Code does not clearly state what should happen to these ballots . But in the 2007 local elections and 2009 general elections , they were considered invalid . Experts in the CEC had strongly advised the CEC to clarify the status of these misplaced ballots before election day , but they failed to do so . During most training sessions , commissioners were told to consider them invalid , and most election commissioners on this basis finalised the counting process for Tirana mayor and country wide . The SP has said that it will use all available legal channels to oppose the CEC decision to count the contested or invalid ballots , and it has called for massive protests . It has not yet appealed , but should do so immediately as it has only five days to do so to the Electoral College after the 18 May CEC decision . The College then has five days to issue a verdict . It also determined that the election code contains important gaps . These legal and technical disputes now risk exacerbating an already deep and resentful political conflict between Rama , still the sitting Mayor of the capital city , and Albanian 's Prime Minister Sali Berisha and their respective supporters . Public protests risk becoming violent in the currently highly charged environment . An investigation into the deadly violence at a DP rally in January has yet to be completed . A conflict between the Tirana police and the Ministry of Interior and each other 's authority to intervene to respond to public protests also developed during the campaign . While the SP is likely to feel that it can only attract the wider international community 's attention to developments in Albania if it holds massive street protects , the DP is likely to feel that protests and violence will work in its favor and further discredit Rama . If the Electoral College rules in favor of the CEC , the CEC members from the SP are unlikely to certify the final results , and Rama is highly unlikely to recognise any election results that overturn his expected win . If it rules in favor of the SP , a peaceful outcome is still possible as the SP and DP will continue to divide power -- and its spoils -- in Albania . The EU , US and OSCE played a coordinated and effective role during the campaign period to reduce tensions . They must continue to do the same now , reinforcing from capitals the messages of the local embassies , especially as Albania is an EU candidate country that still has to undergo significant reforms to start full fledged membership negotiations . The international community should clearly demand that Basha and Rama firmly commit to respect the verdict of the Electoral College . The European Commission should lift its recommendation to give Albania EU candidacy status if there is violence leading to fatalities during post election rallies . President of the EU Commission Jose Manuel Barroso and Enlargement Commissioner Stefan Fule were supposed to be in Tirana today [ 20 May ] but canceled their trip at the last minute , allegedly to show their displeasure with current developments . They lost the chance to deliver a consistent message to the parties clearly , in person . The international community should not squander such opportunities again . - Sabine Freizer is the Istanbul - based Director of the Europe Program at the International Crisis Group . - Originally published on the International Crisis Group 's new blog \" The Balkan Regatta \" May 20 , 2011 The International Crisis Group is an independent , non - profit , non - governmental organisation committed to preventing and resolving deadly conflict . Photo courtesy of ICG ( April 15 , 2011 ) -- Nearly a year after the crackdown on anti - establishment demonstrations , Thailand is preparing for a general election . Despite government efforts to suppress the Red Shirt movement , support remains strong and the deep political divide has not gone away . Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva 's roadmap for reconciliation has led almost nowhere . Although there have been amateurish bomb attacks carried out by angry Red Shirts since the crackdown , fears of an underground battle have not materialised . On the other side , the Yellow Shirts have stepped up their nationalist campaigns against the Democrat Party - led government that their earlier rallies had helped bring to power . They are now claiming elections are useless in \" dirty \" politics and urging Thais to refuse to vote for any of the political parties . Even if the elections are free , fair and peaceful , it will still be a challenge for all sides to accept the results . If another coalition is pushed together under pressure from the royalist establishment , it will be a rallying cry for renewed mass protests by the Red Shirts that could plunge Thailand into more violent confrontation . The Red Shirt demonstrations in March - May 2010 sparked the most deadly clashes between protestors and the state in modern Thai history and killed 92 people . The use of force by the government may have weakened the Red Shirts but the movement has not been dismantled and is still supported by millions of people , particularly in the North and North East . Arresting their leaders as well as shutting down their media and channels of communication has only reinforced their sense of injustice . Some in the movement 's hardline fringe have chosen to retaliate with violence but the leadership has reaffirmed its commitment to peaceful political struggle . The next battle will be waged through ballot boxes and the Red Shirts will throw their weight behind their electoral wing , the Pheu Thai Party . The protracted struggle between supporters of the elite establishment - the monarchy , the military and the judiciary - and those allied with ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra began with the formation of the \" yellow - shirted \" People 's Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) in 2006 . The September 2006 coup removed Thaksin from power but prompted the emergence of a counter movement : the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship ( UDD ) or Red Shirts . The PAD 's campaigns to close down Bangkok airports in 2008 created deadlock that was resolved by a court ruling that removed Thaksin 's \" proxy \" party - People Power Party - from power . This led to the formation of the Democrat - led coalition government , backed by the military . Two years later , the ultra - nationalist Yellow Shirts have apparently split from their former allies and are protesting outside Government House against Abhisit 's alleged failure to defend \" Thai territory \" in the Preah Vihear border dispute with Cambodia . The PAD 's call for a \" virtuous \" leader to replace the prime minister has raised concerns that it is inviting the military to stage a coup . Abhisit has stated he will dissolve parliament in the first week of May after expediting the enactment of legislation to revise key electoral rules . He is moving quickly towards the elections amid rumours of a coup . With the new rules and pre - poll largesse , the Democrat Party hopes to secure more seats and position itself to lead another coalition . Thaksin is still popular with much of the electorate and there is a strong possibility that his de facto Pheu Thai Party could emerge as the largest party . The formation of the government is likely to be contentious . The UDD has threatened to return to the streets if Pheu Thai wins a plurality but does not form the government . Obvious arm bending by the royalist establishment to this end is a recipe for renewed protests and violence . Should the opposite occur , and Pheu Thai has the numbers to lead a new government , the Yellow Shirts might regain momentum ; they are unlikely to tolerate a \" proxy \" Thaksin government . While elections will not resolve the political divide and the post - election scenarios look gloomy , Thailand nevertheless should proceed with the polls . A well - publicised electoral code of conduct and independent monitoring by local and international observers could help enhance their credibility and minimise violence during the campaign . If installed successfully , the new government with a fresh mandate will have greater credibility to lead any longer term effort to bring about genuine political reconciliation . This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - NonCommercial - NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License . HUMNEWS : CLOSING THE GEOGRAPHIC GAP IN MEDIA . Human Media , 2012 . All original material on HUMNEWS.COM is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - No Derivative Works 3.0 Unported License . This means you are welcome to use , distribute and share our original material but we ask that you give us credit for it , do n't try to make money off of it , or alter the originally - published work . Please note : Some images and video used on HUMNEWS.COM are sourced from other individuals and organizations . In this case , you will need permission to republish them from their creators , as they may have different copyright terms . "}
{"url": "http://www.nysenate.gov/legislation/bills/2013/S4444A", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701145578.23/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193905-00301-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Tweet For 16 years now J\u00e1ma has been a favourite among Prague 's English speaking expat community . However , for several reasons , this pub has never been in my regular rotation . Not that there was anything wrong with it , I ended up satisfied the few times I visited it , but I still did n't feel like going back , not my cup of tea . Regardless of that , when its owner , Max Munson , sent me an email inviting me to a press conference I did n't hesitate to answer I 'd be there . And no , It was n't ( just ) because of the promise of free food and drink . J\u00e1ma had recently decided to put an end to a decade long business relationship with Plze\u0148sk\u00fd Prazdroj . Their new beer supplier was going to be from now on K - Brewery Group . I had heard something about it , but at the time I thought J\u00e1ma would only stock Lobkowicz Premium ( a beer I still do n't like , and understand even less ) and perhaps a couple more . Well , I was wrong . Besides changing suppliers , Max had decided to adopt the \" \u010dtvrt\u00e1 p\u00edpa \" model , or rotating beers . Of course the press conference had n't been called just to announce the new beer list , but to introduce some of the people in charge of K Brewery , and that was what made me go . Because of work ( the one that pays the bills , that is ) I could n't get there on time . When I arrived the conference was well on its way , so I took the seat that had been reserved for me and got to eat and drink while listening and taking some notes . I heard a couple of interesting things . KBG is preparing a \" dark companion \" for Lobkowicz Premium , which they will start selling once they figure out which of their seven breweries will make it ( \u010cern\u00e1 Hora seems most likely ) . They 've also hired a couple of specialist to negotiate with the bags of shit that the supermarket chains are to secure a wider distribution for their portfolio . Of course I was n't just there to eat and drink for free , I 'm a journalist ! I had questions that needed to be answered ! I asked first about maltings . They said that a couple of their breweries have maltings , but that they are n't enough to supply all of them and so they are planning to either buy some malting facilities or set up their own in the Han\u00e1 valley . My second question was actually meant more to give the impression that I know about beer . KBG 's slogan is \" Navr\u00e1t k Trad\u00edci \" ( Back to Tradicion ) and I asked if they were thinking of going back to the pre-1842 traditions of top fermented beers . When the conference was over I had the chance to have a chat with Mr. Fam\u011bra ( who graduated from SP\u0160PT ) and his girlfriend , a beer microbiologist , both really friendly and a lot of fun to be with . We talked , of course , about beer . I asked him if they were planning to promote Velen , the wheat beer \u010cern\u00e1 Hora had put on the market last year , before they were fully taken over by KBG . He said they were , which made me really glad , I had it the other day on tap and found it very , very good . When we were already quite relaxed and chatting away like old mates , I decided it was time to get serious and ask the question I 'd been long wanting to ask . Many in the local beer community believe that KBG is no more than a proxy of Heineken , or another multinational , something I never believed myself . I asked Fam\u011bra what he thought made people believe that . He said that at the beginning they made the mistake of being secretive , which at a time when Heineken was on a shopping spree , generated all these rumors . They are trying to change that now . The truth is that several of the company 's honchos are former people of Prazdroj , Fam\u011bra included , who after leaving the giant got together with other moneyed people to set up KBG . After the conference , the chat and having shaken hands and seen the faces of some of the people in charge of KBG , I must say I was left with a good impression . I do n't think they are saints , but I do believe they are committed to good beer and I have no doubt they are n't under the orders of any multinational . Which , of course , does n't necessarily mean that if tomorrow one of those multinationals came with a good enough offer they would refuse to sell . Since I did n't have the chance to speak to J\u00e1ma 's owner and know his view on these things I arranged an interview with him a few days later . I still had several questions to make . The fist was about the results of the change so far . Very positive , Max is very satisfied with the support from KBG , he likes the beers a lot and they are selling really well . He told me he had compared figures from the last two weeks before the change with those from the first two weeks after it , and noticed that they are selling considerably more beer than before . He also noticed that most people will not just stay with one beer for the whole evening , but will go through several from the list . Another thing that concerned me was the rotation and condition of the beers . Nothing to worry about here , fortunately . Kegs are kept and tapped from a room with a constant temperature of 11\u00baC. And regarding the rotation , they started with 15l kegs for all the beers , but for a couple of them they are now ordering 50l ones . I must add that all the beers I had were in very good shape , as far as I can tell , though a bit too cold for my taste . My next question was about the staff . How well informed are they about the beers they are selling ? Before , with Urquell and Gamb\u00e1\u010d nobody was going to ask anything . Now , on the other hand , with all these \" exotic \" names , thinks could be different . Two of the waiters already knew quite a bit about beer and the rest know the basic stuff , which should be enough to answer most of the questions the average patrons are likely to ask , and they are eager to learn more . Before start selling their beers , KBG took the whole staff of J\u00e1ma on a visit to Pivovar Platan , where Lobkowicz Premium is brewed . For many , it was the first time they had been to a brewery and the experience generated a lot of enthusiasm for the new beers . During the press conference Max mentioned that he was planning to put more emphasis on beer and food pairings ( he 's got quite a rich experience with wines ) and add a pairing suggestion to every meal on the menu . When I asked him about it , he said that it was still in a very early planning stage and that he actually saw it as something difficult to realise , given the rotating beers thing . However , they had decided to start offering a \" Chef Specials \" menu with just a few items that will change periodically and it is here where they will start suggesting beer pairings based on the list of each day . We closed the conversation talking about the branch J\u00e1ma is soon to open near the National Theatre , which will of course also offer regional beers from six taps , one of them rotative . But this has become too long , there were a couple more questions , but I 'll deal with them in a future post . For the moment , all I can say is that what I saw was very positive . Change not only is possible , but can also be lucrative . Oh ! And for those of you who are wondering whether J\u00e1ma will now become part of my regular rotation . I still do n't know , really . I will see once the summer patio opens in a few days . There are n't many options in the centre where one cne can have a nice beer al fresco . Tweet The other day I got an e - mail announcing me that Pivn\u00ed Filosof had been included in the list of the \" Best 50 Beer Blogs \" , which was published in the blog of Onlinedegrees.net . I wonder if they ever had a look at my photo up there , and if the did , I really ca n't imagine who could be interested in the beauty tips I could give ( and frankly , I do n't think I want to know ) . And now , getting a bit serious for the bad news . If understood well the message posted in one of the discussion forums of Pivn\u00ed Info one of my favourite boozers , U Slovansk\u00e9 L\u00edpy , has closed its doors for good . It 's a real shame . I will really miss this hospoda and will forever cherish the memories of the pleasant liquid moments I spent there with friends and visitors . I hope Kout can soon find another place that will offer their great beers on a permanent basis . Tweet There 's nothing wrong in a company looking after and protecting their brand , or brands . Quite the contrary , I think it 's something very important that every company should do . After all , brands are among the most valuable assets they have . Whatever I might think about the beer ( and I still like their tankov\u00e1 ) , I 've always liked the way SAB - Miller takes care of the Pilsner Urqell brand . It 's known that the company employs quality inspectors go on undercover visits to their tied pubs . Their job is to see that the beer is well taken care of , properly served and some of them check the hygiene and maintenance of the tap system . This might look like something out of an urban legend , but I believe it 's true , walking around the Czech Rep. you will come across many pubs with stickers , plaques and other certificates that prove it . Certainly , another one of the tasks of these inspectors is to make sure that no beers other than Pilsner Urquell are sold as such . Nothing wrong there , either . However , sometimes things can get a bit out of hands , or better put , can become really stupid . Last Week Plze\u0148sk\u00fd Prazdroj pressed criminal charges against the owner of Pivovar Kout na \u0160umav\u011b , Jan Skala , for unfair competition and misuse of the Pilsner Urquell brand . Yeah , you 've read well . A brewery that last year produced 10.5 million hl filed a complaint against another that brewed 8 thousand hl for unfair competition . The reason ? Somehow Prazdroj found out that Kout was using Pilsner Urquell kegs to distribute their own beers . Yeah , you 've read well . I 'm not familiar with the law , but I do know that this is common practice among micro breweries and not few wine makers as well . New kegs are n't cheap and many of micros ca n't afford to buy enough of them , so they end up using someone else 's . Breweries are n't too happy about this , of course . They never get back many of those barrels and that means a financial loss since the deposit they charge for them is only a fraction of the price of a new one . But thus far , they 've never seemed to have fretted to much about it , either . There are times , though , when the use of someone else 's kegs is n't something a microbrewery does on purpose . It can happen that pub owners go to a micro to buy beer bringing with them empty kegs , which get washed and refilled without any further questions . What happens with the beer after that once it 's paid is something the breweries do n't , and frankly should n't , care too much about . Now , does this really mean unfair competition and misuse of a brand ? Do the people of SAB - Miller seriously want us to believe that Kout na \u0160umav\u011b want to sell their beers as Pilsner Urquell ? To whom ? Why ? In just a couple of years Kout has earned a very well deserved reputation in the beer community thanks the the outstanding quality of their product . It does n't make any sense at all that someone like them would want to pass any of their beers as something of a lesser quality . Another thing that should be mentioned as well is that kegs are n't like bottles , people never see them . Everyone trusts that the beer they have in the glass is the one they 've ordered and will pay for later . Wait a second ! ! ! Can it be that Pilsner Urquell is afraid ? This reminds me of a story someone told me the other day . There was an owner of a hospoda who was tired of selling Gambrinus . He wanted to change it for another brand , but the \u0161tamgasty would have none of it . For them , Gamb\u00e1\u010d was the best and nothing could replace it . The owner then decided to take drastic measures . He contacted the representative of that other brewery and asked if there was any problem if their beer was sold in Gambrinus branded glasses . No problem at all , certainly not . So , for several weeks he served the new beer to his regulars without telling them about the change . One day he asked them how they liked their pints and all agreed that the beer was great , better than usual . No complaints were ever heard again . Tweet I 'm sure many of you are wondering how the project of my book is going , specially those who have generously donated to the cause . Fear not ! Here is the second ( and very belated ) progress report . The first words have been forged into bytes and I 've already set up a work schedule that I hope ( and doubt ) I 'll be able to keep . At the same time , research goes on and still provides something to talk about . Today is about a myth busted , popular wisdom confirmed and a pleasant surprise . The myth busted : \" Service at Prague 's pubs , etc . is crap \" . Or at least that is the impression you will get after reading many an expat restaurant review or forum thread . It 's bollocks ! OK , I 'm not going to say that you wo n't come across bad service in this city , but the same happens in every city and tourist spot in the world . These last few months I have visited many places I had never been to before , and almost without exception I 've found the service to be efficient , proper and professional , and more than once , even genuinely friendly . Take as an example the girl tending the bar at this small caf\u00e9 lost in the backstreets of Vinohrady ( or is it already \u017di\u017ekov ? ) that sells the fine beers of Poli\u010dka . One rainy afternoon I stopped there to have a tmav\u00e9 v\u00fd\u010depn\u00ed that arrived very well tapped , sporting a lovely looking thick head . They end up getting bad service , and they bloody well deserve it ! Popular wisdom confirmed : \" The quality of a pint depends on equal parts on the person that makes it and the person that taps it \" . A great truth ! There are mediocre beers that in good hands can be brilliant , and brilliant beers that in the wrong hands can become mediocre , if not worse . The best example of this is Svijansk\u00fd M\u00e1z . This jeden\u00e1ctk\u00e1 has always been my least favourite beer from Pivovar Svijany , and lately , I have noticed a drop in its quality that can be related to the extraordinary expansion of this very successful regional brewer ( it is their best selling product ) . Still , when I had it at Bar\u00e1\u010dnick\u00e1 Rychta I thought it was wonderful . On the other hand , when I visted Caf\u00e9 Jehuda , in Blanick\u00e1 , near N\u00e1m . M\u00edru , it was so horribly tapped that it bordered the undrinkable . A pity , because the place itself is not too shabby . A pleasant surprise : Coming from Pivovar \u017datec , whom have strongly , and I think deservedly , critised in the past . Now , in Prague , there are at least four places that offer their beers , at two of them I had their Kvasnicov\u00e1 12\u00ba ( actually , nefiltrovan\u00e1 ) and it 's so good ! A lot of fresh fruit with a touch of honey and fresh bread , all spiced with a herbal - floral note that wraps everything up . It 's impossible to have just one . It made me really glad , specially because I liked one of those places very much , and it 's one of those that open early . I 'm very satisfied with the way this project is going , it 's giving me a lot of satisfaction . Once again , loads of thanks to those who are helping me finance it , you are great motivation ! Tweet A couple of days before last Christmas I got in mailbox an announcement telling me I had a parcel from Norway waiting for me at the local post office ( which is in the next village ) . \" Hmmm ! \" I say opening my eyes wide and twisting my mouth appropriately to express my intrigue . I was n't expecting anything from the long country of the North . After seeing the parcel 's weight written on the slip I reckoned , and hoped , they were beers . And so it was . I must say that , after having tasted several of their beers , Haandbryggeriet has become one of my favourite breweries . Their product line is very interesting and varied , many of the beers are fermented using their own strain of \" wild yeast \" and recreate ancient Norwegian recipes . It might turn out that some of the results are not to everyone 's taste , but their concept and execution still deserve praise . The one I was most curious about from the batch was Aquavita Porter . This \" fad \" of aging or maturing beers in oak barrels , specially if they were used for other drinks , is really interesting , even if some of the products do n't turn out that good . This one in particular is a Norwegian Porter with 10%ABV that was matured in old Aquavit barrels . Since I had never drunk that traditional Scandinavian spirit , I had no idea about what to expect from this beer . Aquavita Porter is fantastic ! Boozy nose that reminds a bit of Cognac , with notes of burnt wood and some dried fruits . It 's incredibly complex , bitter chocolate , pepper , burnt sugar , mild vanilla . Each of them taking their turn without stepping on the other one 's toes . All ends in a dry and slightly spicy finish . Despite all this and its rather high ABV the beer goes down really smooth . Great to sit by the fireplace reading a good book . Spectacular ! The other Barrel Aged sample of the bunch was Haandbakk , a Sour Ale with 7.5%ABV that was matured in old French wine casks . Definitely not recommended for beginners . Those of you who have never tried a sour beer , or those who do n't like them , better stay away from this one . Now , for those of you who do enjoy some sourness in your lives , this is something you should have a go at . Pours a pretty fizzy ocher . The nose is a mix of Extra Brut Champagne with mild caramel . My taste for sour beers is not all that well developed yet , at the beginning I found Haandback to be very pleasant , the sour notes were well balanced by sweet fruit . However , as I emptied that half litre measure and the beer warmed up , the sourness built up and I did n't find it so easy to drink anymore , but that 's something that 's happened to me with , for example , Cantillon Geueze . Perhaps I could enjoy it a lot more in smaller measures or paired with some really aromatic cheese . Leaving the realm of the exotic for a bit I chose Norse Porter and its more moderated 6.5%ABV . It pours as expected and already here you can see its excessive carbonation , which by the way , is a problem I 've seen in several beers from HaandBryggeriet . So many bubbles do away with much of the body , that aside , Norse Porter is a fine beer , with aromas that remind of chocolate with a smoked note or two . The chocolate , now more intense , comes back in the taste , now joined by caramel . The finish is long and has some pleasant sourness added to it . Nothing out of the ordinary , nothing out of place , either . It took me several days , if not weeks , to finally open Wild Thing . I thought it would be something on the lines of Haandbakk and I really have to be in a special state of mind to tackle a sour beer . When the day arrived I was met by a very pleasant surprise . Wild Thing is one of those \" historical beers \" of HaandBryggeriet . Its label says that is brewed with three grains , flavoured with cranberries and currant and fermented using the house 's wild yeast . It pours and intense reddish amber , topped by a compact head that his a mild pink hue . The best way to describe its aroma and flavour is a \" blend between dunklesweizen and fruit lambic \" . That might not sound very appealing to some of you , but believe me , it is a delicious beer . Perfectly balanced , each of its elements know the role they have to play and do n't do anything they should n't . Even my wife , who does n't even want to hear about sour beers , loved it . Even with a rather respectable 7 % , Wild Thing goes down almost like session beer . I see it ideal to drink in a cool summer evening while the sun goes down . To close the session I was left with Dark Force , which calls itself an Imperial Double Wheat Stout or whatever . To the eye looks just like any other Imperial Stout . There was too much alcohol on the nose backed only by some dry wood . Perhaps I was expecting something more complex or exotic , but the truth is that it did n't quite make it for me . It 's halfway between the Impy and a Weizenbock or something similar , but without the most interesting bits of either of them . It could be a good alternative for someone who 's never had a dark beer of such intense character , but I expected more . As whole , these bunch serve to reinforce my sympathies for HaandBryggeriet . Yeah , there are a few breweries around the world that do something similar , but that does n't take away merit from this Norwegian brewers . Tweet Mi favourite \" beer proverb \" is : \" The only important thing is what 's in the glass . The rest , at most , is interesting \" . I also believe that the ideal way to evaluate a beer would be using the so called \" Double Blind Tasting \" method , in which you do n't have any preliminary information whatsoever about the beer or beers to be judged . In reality , though , this method is pretty hard to use . There 's always going to be a long list of factors that will influence our opinion over this or that beer . But even if we did employ it , can it be really useful to define if a beer is better than another or others ? Should n't some of those above mentioned factors be considered in order to reach that conclusion ? Let 's play a mind game : We are doing a comparative tasting of two beers , let 's call them A and B. After analysing the hypothetical results we see that everyone agrees that both beers are great and that they would love to be able to drink them again . However , there is a majority who liked sample B better . In this context , we could fairly say that beer B is better than A , and few could argue that . But this is not a realistic context and in fact , if we wanted to drink either of those beers again , we would have to buy it . And here is where a series of objective factors start playing a role because they sort of create , or show , some considerable differences between this two beers . It turns out that sample A is relatively easy to find in any largish city and its price is of around a couple of EU . Sample B , on the other hand , it 's not only very difficult to come across , but on those occasions when it shows up on the local market its price is two , three or more times higher than A 's . So , which is the better beer , the one we liked a bit better but will rarely be able to drink or the one we liked a bit less , but that we can drink pretty much any time we fancy ? Tweet Yesterday I put on my journalist costume and had did an interview for my next piece for Bar&Beer . I was at SP\u0160PT ( that in Czech stands for Industrial Middle School for Food Technology ) , where , among other careers , kids can learn Brewing . There I had one of the most wonderful beer experiences of my life , tasting at a secondary school beers brewed by pupils . It was really good , even though it was served too cold , I could still feel ripe fruit , vanilla and some spice . The alcohol was very well integrated and made me feel I was drinking some nice brandy . All three beers , which I must emphasise are brewed by secondary school kids , were flawless and would put to shame many a product from non - Czech commercial micros . But the best of all was having the chance to meet and establish a friendship with the man in charge of the department , the School 's Director and his predecessor . All of them , fantastic people , with a lot of passion for beer and whom I hope I 'll meet again soon . Yeah , that 's right , I live in a country where already at 15 a kid can learn how to brew professionally and also how to taste beer . Tweet A few days ago Pete Brown told us about the fate of Tetley 's Cask , and how its owner , Carlsberg UK , have decided they will close the brewery in Leeds and shift the production elsewhere in England . This is nothing new , neither surprising . It 's common practice among the big multinational brewing groups . Heineken CZ have been a lot on the news lately for doing just that here in the Czech Republic . In the last year they have shut down three breweries , in Znojmo , Kutn\u00e1 Hora and , most recently , in Louny ( they had bought the last two the year before ) . But this is not what I wanted to talk about today ( neither about Heineken 's idea of a free market ) . The closing of breweries , though sad , is something inevitable in this context and , to be fair , we should ask ourselves whether those breweries would have survived had they remained independent , which , unfortunately , we will never know . What I wanted to talk about is the little respect Heineken has for language and , to a certain extent , the intelligence of the consumers . On the pages that in their website Heineken \u010cesk\u00e1 Republika dedicates to the brands of the closed breweries we can still see the following slogans : . \" Da\u010dick\u00fd aneb zlat\u00fd mok ze st\u0159\u00edbrn\u00e9ho m\u011bsta \" ( Da\u010dick\u00fd , or the golden beverage from the silver town . ) for the brand formerly brewed in Kutn\u00e1 Hora ( this city in the middle ages was famous for its silver mines ) . \" Dobr\u00e9 pivo ze Znojemska za dobrou cenu . \" ( Good beer for a good price from the Znojmo region . ) For Hostan . \" ... pivo s ho\u0159kou chut\u00ed a s histori\u00ed dlouhou jako je m\u011bsto Louny samo . \" ( ... beer with a bitter taste and a history that is as long the history of the town of Louny . ) For the namesake beer . The last one is perhaps the worst of the lot . The history of Pivovar Louny has finished and the beer is no longer brewed in the city it was named after , but in Velk\u00e9 or Krasn\u00e9 B\u0159ezno ( ca n't remember which now ) . I 'm pretty sure the long time drinkers of all these brands are glad to at least still be able to keep on enjoying them , even if only as in name . But still , and specially in Louny 's case , this is just another , sad , example of the Brand above the Drink . Tweet Well , it seems my idea was not as crazy as I had thought . There 've been quite a few who 've said they would like to attend what I have decided to call Internation Gathering of Beer Bloggers , Prague 2010 . People from Latvia , Spain , England , Norway , Denmark y Holland have already expressed their interest and so , the even already has a date : 22 - 23 October 2010 . The program has n't been defined yet , it will depend on how many people are attending , but it 's already certain that the closing will take place at Zl\u00fd \u010casy , while Friday 22nd will almost surely include a visit to at least one brewery . Registration is already open , those who want to sign up can send me un mail , or leave a comment below . Let 's see how many how many of us we can put around the same table . Na Zdrav\u00ed ! PS : Anyone fancies designing a logo for this ? ( It should include the phrase in Spanish : \" Reuni\u00f3n Internacional de Blogueros Cerveceros , Praga 2010 \" ) . Tweet I bet you were thinking I had forgotten . No way ! How could I ? But with so many things to write about and a sudden surge in work , I had to postpone the publishing of the tasting notes from the rest of the Swedish beers Leif had brought me . Something curious happened to me with them . If you take each on its own you wo n't find anything wrong , nor anything remarkably good . None of them stand out for their complexity or intensity . The problem is that when evaluating them as an ensemble I found that they are all too similar to each other . Not only I got the impression that the same kind of hopes with resinous notes were used , but that they were used in the same way . Pilgrim Ale , with 4,5%ABV , pours a clear brown , the nose reminds of juicy tropical fruit , sprinkled with mild caramel . Fuller bodied than its bitterness would have you believe and yet , the malt could offer some more firmness . Towards the finish there is some burnt sugar that gives the sip a longer run . Fine to drink with grilled offal and sausages from an Argentine Asado . B\u00e4rnsten calls itself a Premium Lager and has the thus almost mandatory 5%ABV . It does n't pour the expected pale gold , however , but it 's more on the amber side of things . Mostly dry , piney nose with a hint of tropical fruit in the back . Other than resinous notes , there are some herbs and a mineral touch by the end that actually fits the beer quite well . After so many years living in the Czech Republic few are the foreign lagers that can raise my eyebrows , this one is not among them . The rest of it , however , is all too similar to the premium lager , a bit maltier perhaps . Another sessionable brew that wo n't tire you nor will make you loose the thread of the conversation . Last was Postiljon , a Strong Pale Ale with 5,8%ABV . The best way to describe it is Pilgrim 's big sibling . Stronger , maltier , tastier , with slightly better balanced bitterness and not much else to add . And a bonus ! I do n't know if you remember that when I published the tasting notes from the previous session I mentioned that I had just found a still unopened bottle of Slottsk\u00e4lans Bryggery 's Red Ale . And what a surprise it was ! Pours a rather ocher side of red with a thin but compact head . The nose reminds of sweet fruit , resin and some caramel . The first couple of sips made me fear a beer of monotonous bitterness , but then , bit by bit , the malt makes its way and ends up wedging itself between the herbs and the burnt sugar . The result is a beer with some complexity and very interesting to drink . A real joy . Just like with the batch that Gnoff had brough , this bunch of Swedish brews were quite a mixed bag , from the brilliant to the boring , just as it happens everywhere , really ... "}
{"url": "http://www.nysenate.gov/press-release/ritchie-joins-governor-cuomo-industry-leaders-new-york-s-first-wine-beer-and-spirits-s", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701151880.99/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193911-00133-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "If there is any lingering regret from a brief jaunt into the Rheinland during a wine trip in February 2004 , it was our group 's inability to make a detour into the Saar to visit the estate of Johann Peter Reinert . Drinking his 2003 Kanzemer Sonnenberg Riesling Sp\u00e4tlese feinherb this weekend brought thoughts of that missed opportunity right back to the front of my mind . In my experience , Reinert makes some of the most beautifully pure wines of the Saar . From tiny parcels on precipitous hillsides above the Saar and its canal , from villages such as Ayl , Kanzem , Wiltingen , Filzen and Wawern , Johann manages to scrape crystalline beauty from the hard slate earth . Even in a hot vintage like 2003 , his wines embrace an icy acidity with delicate , persistent fruit and mineral nuances . The vineyard Sonnenberg - \" Sunny Mountain \" - tends to give forward , early maturing wines . At four years of age though , this bottle was still a toddler - fresh , vibrant and multi - faceted . Initial aromas of intense stoniness unfurled to give peaches , apple flesh , apple blossoms , orange zest and a light , bright hint of clover honey . Its finish went on and on . It 's impossible to overstate the food - friendliness of his wines . This bottle paired seamlessly with every aspect of a salad of raw beets , goat cheese and arugula , dressed with a splash of red wine vinegar , good olive oil and a pinch of salt and pepper . If there 's a more recent regret , it 's that there are no more bottles of this in my cellar . I 'll have to sock away some of his wonderful 2005 's ... and go back for a visit . The third and latest wave of Chef Kurt Gutenbrunner 's Austrian invasion of the New York culinary scene , Blaue Gans ( Blue Goose ) opened in late December 2005 in the Tribeca space formerly occupied by Le Zinc . As he did previously at Walls\u00e9 and Caf\u00e9 Sabarsky , KG has created an authentic dining experience and deftly presented it with an appropriate balance between formality and ease . The room has a warm , inviting feel , funkified by the walls plastered with gallery , music and theater posters , holdovers from the previous owners . Kurt apparently liked the look and could n't bear to part with the cultural history . The restaurant is a single large room , longer than it is wide , the entrance centered in the front wall under a slightly arched ceiling . To the right inside the door , a small zinc bar provides a perch for imbibers , regulars or for those seeking the most casual approach to their meal . Banquettes along both long walls look out over the simple dining room of small caf\u00e9 tables and wooden rung chairs . Large mirrors on the wall reflect the riot of artwork , lend brasserie - like writing space for menu additions and provide some extra viewing opportunities for patrons with a face to the wall . The overall feel is less formal and serene than at Walls\u00e9 , not as dainty as the traditional Viennese Kaffeehaus aura at Sabarsky . If I lived in the neighborhood , I 'd be tempted to eat there weekly . With proper discipline , one could actually afford to do just that . The menu , though ambitious in some corners , includes a basic array of wursts , salads and simple appetizers . Finished off with a simple glass of beer - G\u00f6sser or Bitburger perhaps - one could leave with a full belly and only $ 25 poorer for the experience . As this was my first visit , I could n't bring myself to eat so simply , though . After all , I 'm far more likely to cook up some simple wursts and kraut at home than I am to make duck sp\u00e4tzle , kavalierspitz or any of the other more involved dishes on the menu . That said , even with the occasional nod toward the creative , I think it 's safe to sum up the Blaue Gans table as authentic Austro - German comfort food elevated by a well - carried air of sophistication . Let me describe what I mean . Smoked Trout Palatschinken Torte , Horseradish Cr\u00e8me Fraiche and Baby Beets An appetizer option from the regular menu , this was essentially a substantial yet delicately textured smoked trout mousseline presented in a quiche - like form with Palatschinken - German crepes - serving as a torte shell . Accompanied by dill and freshly grated horseradish condiments , a trio of lightly pickled red beet wedges and a small salad of radishes and m\u00e2che , it made for an ideal summer starter . Its presentation was lovely enough to draw questions from diners at neighboring tables . Local Green Asparagus , Soft Boiled Egg and Hazelnut Vinaigrette A daily special , this course was the epitome of simplicity . White asparagus would have been more traditional but , as it 's not in season , locally grown green asparagus was a smarter option . The asparagus spears were blanched for two minutes and then served chilled , their subtly flavored hazelnut vinaigrette dressing enriched by the intermingling of yolk oozing from one perfectly soft boiled egg . A spray of fris\u00e9e completed the composition . Natural Raised Suckling Pig , Zweigelt Onions and Brioche Dumplings The description of this special reminded me of a hybrid between two of the most memorable meals I enjoyed during a trip to Vienna last fall . I could n't pass it up . It also turned out to be the dish which most clearly encapsulated the restaurant 's dialog between comfort food and sophistication . Rustic presentation belied the subtle nuances given rise by the skilled hands in the kitchen . The Zweigelt onions were tender yet still toothsome , made just sweet enough by their slow braise . Also tender , the roasted pig 's ample layer of fat , neither over rendered nor over crisped , remained distinct from its flesh and was teeth - sticking good . Even the dumpling - symbol of central European home cooking - was well done , successfully balancing moisture and texture and elevated by a dash of thyme and the use of brioche . Golden fried \" Free Range \" Chicken and Potato - M\u00e2che Salad My dining buddy again opted for simplicity , perhaps feeling the effects of a long day walking the city . A staple on the regular menu , it should be pointed out that this is Viennese fried chicken , a far cry from the crispy , juicy and greasy pleasures of southern fried chicken . If the chicken had been pounded flat or cutlets had been used rather than on - the - bone pieces , Chicken Wiener Schnitzel would n't have been an inappropriate name . The golden crumb breading was the give away ; lightly sweet and served with a wedge of lemon , the breading 's flavors clearly derived from the same mother recipe as for schnitzel batter . As moist and well cooked as the chicken was , it was the only disappointment of the evening , if only because it did not hold either the interest or purity of the other savory dishes nor the decadence of the dessert to come . Elevation was there nonetheless , this time in the form of an addictively good potato salad that I 'd like to try to replicate at home . ohr i m hemd with Chocolate Sorbet Here 's where my smidgen of German fails me . I 'm sure there 's a more appropriate or clever colloquial meaning behind this dessert 's name , which literally translates to something like \" ear in the shirt . \" The shirt would seem to be the warm chocolate sauce which blanketed the airy chocolate cake hiding beneath . The interplay between temperature , texture and varying levels of richness was extended by the third part of the trio , a scoop of chocolate sorbet presented in the cradle of a Japanese soup spoon . Gelato may have been too rich in combination with the chocolate sauce ; the icy lightness of sorbet allowed for flavor intensity without burying the palate . As at Walls\u00e9 , Chef Gutenbrunner has avoided one of the major pitfalls of smaller , chef driven restaurants . The desserts and pastries are not a let down ; rather , they 're every bit up to the level of the main menu , making for a complete dining experience . Wachau Riesling Federspiel \" Steinriegl , \" Prager 2005 . The wine list at Blaue Gans is appropriately scaled to the ambition of the menu and the casual , neighborhood feel of the space . I understand that the list was originally , as at Walls\u00e9 , entirely Austrian . Smartly , the decision has since been made to diversify , the end result being a tidy collection of offerings from Austria and Germany with a smattering of choices from France , Italy and the US . However , there are two distinct shortcomings to the list . First , there is not a good value to be found . Prices are not astronomical in plain dollars and cents but the average 3x markup is out of scale to the moderate menu prices , particularly given the simple stemware and casual service level . Second , the list would benefit greatly through the addition of a selection of half - bottles . As there were no splits in the house and I rarely opt to buy wines by the glass , we settled on a single bottle in the hopes that it would stretch through the meal and work with the wide array of choices we 'd made . Weingut Prager 's Riesling Federspiel \" Steinriegl \" was a solid selection , well balanced by its medium acidity , minerality and clean orchard fruit driven flavors . It was surprisingly fleshy and structured for a Federspiel , perhaps an expression of the concentration provided by the 2005 growing season . The wine , as we 'd expected , worked wonderfully with our first courses but was not quite up to the task of the hearty character of the suckling pig dish which would have been more ideally paired with a red such as Zweigelt or Blaufr\u00e4nkisch . On past visits to Pegu Club , I 've always enjoyed the beautiful craft and top quality of their specialty concoctions . The Pegu Club Cocktail , Gin - Gin Mule and Jamaican Firefly are all among my most memorable cocktail experiences . Early last Saturday evening , I stopped in for a quickie and decided upon a Whiskey Smash - Rye , muddled lemon and mint with simple syrup , served on the rocks and garnished with a sprig of fresh mint . This took things to a new level . For me , it just might have been the perfect cocktail . Bright , fresh citrus and herbaceous flavors hit right up front , waking up the palate with fresh , lively accents . The follow - up brings home the Rye , with deeper , richer flavors of butterscotch , vanilla , earth and grain , which all develop and change on the palate as the seconds tick by . The simple syrup seems to round out the complete package , helping to smooth the edges between the lighter , brighter front - end and the richer finish . The syrup delivers its sweetness only in the drink 's savored last drops . Audrey Saunders opened Pegu Club in late August 2005 as a temple to the high artistry of mixology . Its concept and design both hearken back to cocktail culture 's peak era in the far eastern reaches of the British Empire . The vibe is serene ; if you 're looking to rollick , this is n't your place . If you 'd like to experience a great drink , made with quality , fresh ingredients and crafted with ritual care , do n't miss it . The 5:00 PM opening hour makes Pegu an ideal spot to grab a drink before an early dinner downtown . Be wary though .... The allure of the mix makes it hard to leave . Pegu Club 77 W. Houston Street , 2nd Floor New York , NY 10012 212 - 473-PEGU . Hungry after the drive from Philly to New York on Saturday , and having some time to kill in Tribeca while waiting for our knives , we wandered around the neighborhood in search of a suitable spot for lunch . We settled on Landmarc , an inviting spot nestled below a construction site just south of Leonard on West Broadway . We opted for seats in the quiet upstairs dining room , with a view -- over the rebar balcony -- of the street and opposing buildings . The rebar continues a theme , started at the sidewalk caf\u00e9 and running up the stairwell to the second floor , which provides a simple expression of the casual , contemporary / industrial aesthetic of the space . A quick perusal of the wine list yielded an old sentimental favorite , the C\u00f4tes de Provence Ros\u00e9 of Domaine Sorin . Luc and Sergine Sorin , along with their daughter Audrey , are good souls who turn out an unpredictable array of wines from their small estate in St.-Cyr - sur - Mer , one of the districts of the Bandol AOC . Their ros\u00e9 \" Terra Amata , \" one of many half - bottles on Landmarc 's list , provided a simple pleasure , uninspiring yet quaffable and well matched to the straightforward lunch to come . When our first course arrived , we realized in quick retrospect that it probably would have been enough , supplemented by a basket of bread , for lunch for two . The large order of mussels with fries suffered from the common fate of being served in too deep a crock , separating the mussels from the flavorful sauce below . Nonetheless , they were well cooked , tender and pleasingly accented by wilted ringlets of shallots and a sprinkling of fresh parsley . The fries were meaty , golden brown , blazing hot and not at all greasy . As our appetites had gotten the better of us when ordering , we soldiered on through a second course . My eggplant and tomato tartine again could have stood alone as a full meal . Served atop a slice of grilled bread , the tender eggplant and roasted tomatoes were satisfying if a bit overwhelmed by their topping of crumbled goat cheese . The side salad was a tad over salted but dressed with tasty sherry vinaigrette . Go with a big appetite and Landmarc provides a solid , moderately priced menu with a comfortably mid - scale , neighborhood vibe . The wine list could use some work , as could the portion control , but I left sated and ready for the day to come . First stop on a day - trip to New York this weekend : Korin Trading Company . The Knife Master was in the house and we had some steel in need of sharpening . The shop was under construction so I 'm not sure I got the full desired effect . Nonetheless , the dishes and flatware on offer in the front of the shop were clearly just teasers to prepare us for the beauty of the Japanese blades on display in Korin 's showcases . The staff displayed a level of customer service commensurate to the quality of their goods , which is to say very fine . One could spend a ton of money here if judgment were put on hold . I 'm coming back when I hit the lottery .... . The roundup of wines from the 35th installment of Wine Blogging Wednesday has been posted by Michelle and Kevin at My Wine Education . If you enjoyed my post on the Toro from Quinta de la Quietud , you 'll find more than 40 other write - ups of Spanish wines , most of them under $ 10/bottle , some good , some not so good . Submissions came from all over the globe so you should be able to find at least a few wines of interest that may be available in your area . Quick on the heels of the roundup came Lenn Thompson 's announcement of WBW # 36 . The due - date for this month 's assigment , August 8 , marks the three - year anniversary of WBW , so Lenn has decided to host the virtual tasting on his own blog , Lenn Devours . The theme is \" Naked Chardonnay . \" It 's a term I 'm not a big fan of but a style that I have little problem embracing . Really , it 's an about - face response to the overwhelming tendency of California and New World Chardonnays to be stylistically lavished with oodles of oakiness . Though \" Naked Chardonnay \" is a distinctly New World term , the Old World has a long tradition of producing Chardonnay based wines that see no oak , particulary in the Burgundian regions of M\u00e2con and Chablis . There 's no price limit this time ' round , so have at it . Class is back in session . I 'll be teaching my third in a series of regional wine courses on Tuesday , August 7 , at Tria Fermentation School in Center City Philadelphia . This time around , we 'll be discussing wines from a wide cross - section of Mediterranean Europe . We 'll be sampling a diverse array of juice - white , ros\u00e9 , red and sticky - from France , Italy , Spain and Greece . Tria 's lovely classroom space is limited to 24 students and seats tend to sell out quickly so . In an Associated Press article which appeared in this Sunday 's Philadelphia Inquirer , we learned of a debate currently raging in Italy as to the appropriateness of garlic in culinary applications . Half humorous , half frightening , the article describes chefs and politicians who 've started a war against garlic as an overwhelming flavor or as an offender of personal space . Like it or not , garlic has an important place in the traditional cuisines of much of Italy , the entire Mediterranean region , large parts of central and southern Asia and in many other cultures of the world . Of course , too much of anything can be bad . But just try some fresh , quality garlic and you 'd be insane to want to eradicate it from the table . Julie Barrett of Willing Hands Organic Farm has produced garlic - grown from seed material provided by Keith Stewart at the Union Square Green Market - that is one of the most pristine flavors to have graced my table all year . Give it up ? No way ! As Buy Fresh Buy Local week kicks off in the greater Philadelphia area , I though it would be apropos to give a little progress report on the first season at the Oakmont Farmers Market . Coming into the mid - stretch of summer , all accounts are that the market is alive and thriving . The farmers I 've had the opportunity to chat with have unanimously expressed their satisfaction and even surprise with the crowd and sales levels at the market . It 's been a pleasant surprise to me as well , as it 's great to see the community coming out to embrace change and to find so many people enthusiastic about locally grown food . In addition to all of the benefits - economic , social , health , environmental - it helps to build enthusiasm about buying local when the products are just plain good . Quality sometimes does speak for itself . It 's also impossible not to enjoy the purity and intensity of some of the more fleeting flavors of the season . You 'll never find black raspberries like those from Blueberry Hill at the supermarket . And to keep things exciting , new produce seems to come into rotation just about every week . White peaches made their first appearance two weeks ago while yellow peaches and sweet corn made their debuts this past Wednesday . The first crop of garlic that Julie Barrett of Willing Hands brought this week , plucked from the ground that morning , was mind blowingly good . From a demographic perspective , I 'm also happy to report that the audience at the market seems to be diversifying from week to week . In an earlier post inspired by a lengthy conversation with a representative of PASA , I had reported rather bleakly on the level of participation by males at the market . I 've noticed over the last couple of weeks that the male to female ratio seems , indeed , to have rounded out to a slightly more balanced aspect , say 2.5:10 as opposed to the 1:10 ratio I had originally cited . Additionally , more and more parents have been bringing their kids , providing a great opportunity for the younger members of our community to learn about food , to meet real farmers and to have fun in an open environment . If you 've been enjoying the Oakmont Market or one like it in your own neighborhood , or if you 'd just like to learn more about the benefits of buying fresh , local , sustainable produce , here are some links you may find useful : . Writing is an inherently anti - social endeavor . Whether with pen in hand , a sentimental old manual typewriter , a spiffy computer or an on the go blackberry , writing is a self - absorbed activity . As a guy that some might think displays the occasional anti - social tendency , I take to it comfortably . Blogging though , in particular wine and food blogging , has developed into something of a social community in recent times . One of the builders of that community in wine blogging circles is Lenn Thompson , who three years ago began a group participation event called Wine Blogging Wednesday ( WBW ) . Since its inception , WBW has blossomed into a global event that is hosted by a different wine blogger each month . This month 's installment , \" Passionate Spain , \" is being hosted by Michelle at My Wine Education . The goal she set was two - fold . Find a wine , any wine , from Spain , preferably something less obvious than Rioja . And try to spend less than $ 10 for the bottle . I grasped the first part of the task with relish . And I decided right away to dispense with the second part . As noble as the intention may be , finding single digit price tags in the wine world today limits one 's choices to wines from large scale if not mass producers and inevitably leans toward non - estate bottling wineries . It 's just a side - effect of global economies of scale . This is magnified currently by the weakness of the dollar ; European wines that were priced at $ 8 - 10 four years ago now go for $ 11 - 15 if not more . There 's also a more myopic reason behind my decision to forego part two of Michelle 's assignment . I work in a wine shop that has only recently dipped its toes into the world of Spanish wines and this edition of WBW presented a perfect opportunity to get to know one of our new bottles a little better . Red wine production in Toro is dominated by one vine , Tinta de Toro , a local clone of Tempranillo . This is the top wine from Quinta de la Quietud , produced from 100 % Tinta de Toro from the estate 's best organically farmed vineyards which are cropped to extremely low yields of 20 hectoliters per hectare . After a fifteen day fermentation and maceration , the wine spent 20 months in oak barriques - 70 % French and 30 % American , 1/3 new , 1/3 barrels of one wine and 1/3 barrels of two wines . The end result is a wine of rich concentration ( 14.5 \u00b0 ) , a dark black robe and thick legs . Aromas are of raw and roasted meat , blackberries , black raspberries , cassis and garrigue . The palate is rich , with loads of dark fruit , well integrated oak and a slight alcoholic kick sealed by a firm tannic grip on the finish . An ideal pairing for grilled meats and roasted game , I enjoyed it last night with a simple dinner of bison burgers , roasted beets and grilled onions and zucchini . In spite of its power and backbone , it 's a wine that I feel will be best enjoyed now and over the next 3 - 4 years . And at around $ 30 a bottle , it slightly more than triples the suggested guidelines of this week 's blog event . Sorry Michelle .... . And what 's that I hear ? Today is Thursday ... your first foray into Wine Blogging Wednesday and you 're a day late . What can I say ? I ran out of steam last night . I guess the Toro took over . Next Thursday , July 19 , I 'll be tag - teaming with the crew from New York 's Artisinal Premium Cheese to present a wine and cheese pairing happy hour at Domaine Hudson in Wilmington , Delaware . The event is already sold out - sorry for the late notice - but if you 'd like to do some shopping , gather some friends and follow along from home , here 's what we 'll be serving . Which came first , the cheese or the wine ? In the case of this course , it was the cheese . I selected the wines to match each cheese with an eye to regional affinities as well as textural and flavor complements . I 'm looking forward to the dialog with the mavens from Artisinal and with the crowd at Domaine Hudson . I hope to see you there ! Let 's start with a full disclosure on this post 's subject matter : I despise smoking . I smoked cigarettes for about two months when I was in the seventh grade . I did it to be cool and , luckily , quickly thought better of it . Against my own better judgment , I 've also been known to smoke a cigar here and there , say once every year or two . Each time , I regret it for days , which is exactly how long it takes for the burning , dulling effect of the smoke to wear off my palate . And now for a good non sequitur : I 've been an undying fan of the films of Jim Jarmusch since the release of his first \" major , \" Stranger Than Paradise , in 1984 . More recently , the 2003 release of Coffee and Cigarettes presented a quirky , edgy yet charming series of vignettes built around the [ sub]culture of caffeine and nicotine . It 's up to you to decide whether the film glamorizes smoking or simply depicts it as a natural aspect of social interaction . For me , there 's something dodgily acceptable about the film 's C&C combination , at least in the setting of Euro - caf\u00e9s , roadside diners and good , old - fashioned coffee houses . However , when the beverage of choice switches from coffee to wine - whether before , during or after a smoke - my acceptance level plunges straight to zero . What 's my point ? I 'm not suggesting that the smoking / drinking combination should somehow be banned , the way of trans - fats in New York or foie gras ( however short - lived ) in Chicago . My point is this : there 's nothing more deadening to the palate , not to mention one 's sense of smell , than smoking cigarettes or cigars . The olfactory senses of taste and smell are the most important tools we have in pursuing the assessment , production or plain enjoyment of wine . Hey , I 'm all for personal choice , but why knowingly handicap yourself ? As a casual imbiber or even an acknowledged wine connoisseur , if you choose to smoke , more power to you . Just know that you 're missing out on the full expression that each sip of wine has to offer . At the next stop down the slippery slope , as a member of the wine trade , be it as a sommelier , educator or sales consultant , if you smoke you knowingly diminish your capacity to perform your job functions . I would n't want to take food and wine pairing advice from a smoker any more that I 'd ask for music recommendations from someone who is tone deaf . At the most extreme end of the spectrum , at least to my sensibilities , I am ever and always stunned when I discover that a winemaker smokes . Why is that a problem ? As an example , a trained chef , in theory , could follow a recipe and turn out a perfect dish . But if that chef ca n't taste the food he 's preparing , how can he be sure it 's at its best , that the ingredients are in balance , that the seasoning is properly adjusted . The same principles apply to the art and science of producing wine . A winemaker could just practice the formulas and principles he learned in oenology school or simply follow the same procedures and traditions that his father did before him . A non - traditional work schedule sometimes has its plusses . A day off during the week can be perfect for doing the things that everyone else saves for the weekends . Sometimes though , it can bite you in the ass . Take today for example . It 's the Fourth of July . The whole country is on holiday to celebrate the birth of the nation or perhaps just to worship the charcoal grill and picnic table . It 's also Wednesday . As that 's my regular day off , it 's the ( bad ) luck of the draw that I miss out on an extra day off . To take my mind off of it and to make the day a little special , my wife and I headed out for a short ride this morning , dogs in tow , to Narberth 's Le Petit Mitron . Narberth is a strange town - its own independent , crunchy little enclave surrounded on all sides by the blue bloods of Lower Merion Township and the eastern Main Line . It seems an odd yet somehow perfect setting for Le Petit Mitron , one of the closest things the Philadelphia area has to a real Parisian p\u00e2tisserie . The selection of branded candies and cookies , imported chocolates and an overly ample floor to counter ratio mark the shop as clearly American . But the qualities of the items crafted in - house bring it pretty darn close to the real thing . Proprietors Patrick and Isabelle Rurange and their young , amicable staff produce a lovely array of pastries and artisanal chocolates . Their traditional baguettes , rolls and other loaves are baked daily from dough imported from France . Grab a proper cup of caf\u00e9 au lait ( brewed with La Colombe beans ) and a buttery croissant - or perhaps the more decadent double almond and chocolate croissant - and your day is off to a good start . Just do n't miss the lovely Napoleons , Opera cakes and fruit tarts for later . One of the fringe benefits of teaching classes at Tria Fermentation School is the occasional invitation to sit in as an observer at one of their other sessions . This past Wednesday , I had the pleasure of attending a seminar featuring the Chinons of Domaine Charles Joguet . The course was presented by Fran\u00e7ois - Xavier ( FX ) Barc , winemaker and estate manager at Joguet . Leading up to M. Barc 's program were introductions from Michael McCaulley , Tria partner and Fermentation School Manager , and Matt Cain , regional sales representative for Kermit Lynch , the importer responsible for bringing Joguet 's Chinons into the US market . FX opened with a cursory overview of the wine traditions of the Loire , beginning from the river 's mouth in Muscadet , running through Anjou and Saumur , leading to the Touraine and ending , from his perspective , in the area around Sancerre . Returning , of course , to the Touraine village of Chinon , he covered a brief description of the major terroirs of Chinon , from the riverside vineyards to the plateau and hillside plantings . Domaine Joguet itself is located in Sazilly , on the South banks of the Vienne , essentially across the river from Chinon 's largest commune of Cravant - les - Coteaux and ESE of the fortress of Chinon itself . With forty hectares under vine - thirty - seven hectares planted to Cabernet Franc , three to Chenin - the estate annually produces seven or eight different cuv\u00e9es , each representative of a particular style , terroir or single vineyard site . Francois - Xavier 's first experience at Joguet was as vineyard manager and assistant winemaker from 1998 - 2000 . After a brief stint at other wineries , he returned in 2003 , at the request of current owner Jacques Genet , to become the estate 's head winemaker and viticulturist . His rise was capped earlier this year when his role was expanded , upon the retirement of Alain Delaunay , to include managing the commercial aspects of the business . Since his return , FX has carried on with the already established project of moving the property 's vineyards to organic farming practices . Currently , about 50 % of the estate is farmed organically with incremental portions being converted to organics each year . He is adamant about carrying the organic practices into the winery as well , seeing little value in natural farming followed by chemical adjustments in the cellar . The young Monsieur Barc is judicious in the use of oak and with stylistic flourishes in general , preferring to let the nuances of each cuv\u00e9e in each vintage guide his hand with decisions in the cellar . Winding down with his technical discussions , and as he could see people in the audience beginning to salivate , FX finally moved onto the tasting portion of the seminar . Chinon \" Les Petites Roches , \" Charles Joguet 2004 From a typical , elegant vintage , the 2004 Petites Roches showed a bright , transparent ruby tone in the glass , followed by a gentle , medium - bodied approach on the palate . Red currant , raspberry and herbaceous tones followed through on a modest 12.5 % alcohol framework . From 30 - 40 year old vines , culled to 40 hl / ha yields , from six hectares of vineyards planted on gravel and limestone dominated soils near the banks of the Vienne . Made from free - run juice only , this is the most delicate wine produced at Joguet ; it is suitable for near - term drinking with charcuterie , chevre and salmon . Chinon \" Les Petites Roches , \" Charles Joguet 2005 Much darker in the glass than the 2004 , semi - opaque and dark cherry red in color , the 2005 visually showed the effects of a warmer , drier vintage . The generous climate in 2005 , combined with a long growing season , yielded more physiologically mature tannins , riper flavor , higher alcohol ( 13.8 % ) and a finished wine that will continue to develop over the next 4 - 5 years . Again , pair with charcuterie or classic Touraine pork rillettes but also consider herb roasted chicken or small game birds . Clocking in at 14.3 degrees , it is more robust than Petites Roches yet less nuanced , showing bolder , forward fruit and more aggressive tannins and herbaceous flavors - natural side - effects of the utilization of pressed juice . Chinon \" Cuv\u00e9e de la Cure , \" Charles Joguet 2005 Bottled in August 2006 following vinification and aging purely in steel , the 2005 Cuv\u00e9e de la Cure is the first fully organic wine produced at Joguet . It is also a classic example of older - vine , terroir driven Chinon , coming from two single vineyards planted on a soil base of clay and gravel . Displaying a dense , firm structure built on a medium - bodied frame with very linear , pure focus , the wine 's persistent , dusty tannins lend accent to its mineral and red cassis driven flavors . This should keep well for at least 5 - 7 years , maybe even ten . FX considers it the finest La Cure of the last three decades . Pigeage during fermentation added extra density to the wine 's color and structure . The finished product , bottled in March of this year , shows plush texture combined with muscular grip and sweet - fruited flavors of raspberry , blackberry and licorice . This is Chinon to pair with beef or robust stews ... or to forget about in a cool cellar for the next 10 - 15 years . Chinon \" Clos de la Dioterie , \" Charles Joguet 1989 If you 've ever had any doubts about the longevity of Chinon , lay them to rest . At 18 years of age , the ' 89 Dioterie is still singing . In the glass , there was no bricking at all , just a pale , limpid ring around the rim of an otherwise translucent ruby bowl . Aromas of clay , red earth and rhubarb were followed by flavors of tobacco , smoke , violets and lilies . These elements combined with silky mouthfeel and still lively acidity to make this the most enthralling wine of the night . No offense to FX of course - he was n't involved in the production of this wine - it 's just that every once in a while the beauty and wisdom of age really do outshine the exuberance of youth . Apparently , FX thought so too , as he pronounced it \" da bomb . \" We were , I might add , privileged that he had brought the ' 89 along for the event , as there are only about 20 bottles remaining in the private storage caves at the estate . FX Barc represents the new generation of vignerons in France . Not born to farming , he is more student , technician , and consultant . Yet he possesses a strong sensibility for the land and expresses it carefully through natural winemaking . Luck has been on his side since taking the helm at Joguet . A string of good vintages , culminating in the exceptional 2005 , have brought Mother Nature to his side . The results are promising . I found the wines we tasted together at Tria Fermentation School to be bright , varietally correct and truly expressive of the spirit of Chinon as an AOC and of the potential of Cabernet Franc as a vine . FX seems to be bringing Joguet 's wines out of their slump of the mid-90 's and back to their place among the top tier in Chinon . I 'll look forward to keeping an eye on his progress in the seasons to come . "}
{"url": "https://practiceliving.wordpress.com/", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148758.73/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00037-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "The debate over the age of the universe is a hot issue for some Christians , and this unfortunately leads to a number of faulty arguments and even some name - calling . This post is not going to argue against young earth creationism specifically . Rather , I hope that it can be a resource for both young earth and old earth proponents in order to avoid faulty reasoning . Each argument 's topic will be in bold with the problem outlined and a response . [ Image at head of post credit here . ] Please see the end of the post for a response to an article linking back to this one . Perspicuity of Scripture - . The Argument . Some young earth creationists ( hereafter YEC or YECs ) argue that old earth positions undermine the perspicuity of Scripture . Perspicuity of Scripture is the notion that the central teachings of Scripture can be understood by any who come to the Gospel . The charge YECs make is that because it seems , on a surface level reading of the text , that Genesis 1 implies creation over the period of 6 literal 24 hour days , those who deny this undermine the Perspicuity / Clarity of Scripture . Response . The Perspicuity of Scripture does not apply to all areas of Biblical doctrine . Rather , it is the notion that anyone can understand the plan of salvation as laid out in Scripture and come to right knowledge for faith . Think of it this way : read the book of Revelation . Do you understand everything in this book , or is the apocalyptic literature hard to discern ? Throughout much of Christian history , there has been debate over the meaning of Revelation . There are a number of views , like preterism , idealism , dispensationalism , etc . But this does n't mean that what Scripture teaches in general is unclear . The clarity of Scripture in regards to salvific issues is absolute . Any reader can read and understand God 's plan for salvation . Addendum . If the argument is pressed , again ask the YEC whether they are claiming they understand every single doctrine that the Bible teaches . Do you understand perfectly the Trinity , the atonement , the incarnation , the Lord 's Supper , the proper relation of Law and Gospel , etc . ? If someone claims they do , they are essentially equating their understanding to God , rather than adhering to Scriptural teaching ( 1 Corinthians 13:12 ) . The Meaning of Day . The Argument . The Hebrew word used in Genesis one , yom , means day . It literally means a 24 hour period . Often this argument is presented in a fairly demeaning and/or ad hominem way to the opponent : \" Why do you insist on reading man 's fallible ideas into the text ? It says day , it means day . I trust the Bible . \" Response . Actually , the Hebrew word yom has several different literal meanings . For example , according to Brown - Driver - Briggs ' Hebrew Lexicon , yom can mean \" day , time , or year \" ; day as opposed to night ; a 24 hour day ; a time or period of time ; a year ; an age . Thus , if someone reads the text and argues that in Genesis 1 the days mean \" ages \" , they are still reading the text literally . Evening and Morning . The Argument . When the Genesis 1 text refers to the days , it applies the terms \" evening and morning \" to each one of days 1 - 6 , which means that each day is indeed a 24 hour period . That 's what evening and morning means . Response . The delineation of time periods for days was not possible until the fourth day . Thus , the text itself tells us that the sun did not serve as a specific indicator of the length of days until the fourth \" day . \" The repetition of evening and morning is an indication of the metaphor for the work week used throughout Genesis 1 . Notice that evening and morning are reversed from the order in which they occur in a 24 hour day . Day is not a long period of time . The Argument . Sure , there are other literal meanings of \" yom \" and in poetic literature it says that a day is like a thousand years for the LORD , but Genesis is a narrative and so the days mean literal 24 hour periods . Response . Actually , in the very same account the word day is used in order to refer to the whole time of creation . As it is written , \" These are the generations of the heavens and the earth when they were created , in the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens \" ( Genesis 2:4 ) . I used the ESV translation here because the NIV translation translates yom as \" when \" here . In this text , the word \" day \" refers to the entirety of God 's creative work . Thus , the text itself utilizes the same word , yom , to mean a longer period of time than a 24 hour period in the same context of creation . And because this is \" narrative \" it ca n't be dismissed as \" mere poetry . \" Speaking of which ... . That 's Just Poetry . The Argument . Many of the verses that old earth proponents use are from places like the Psalms . For example , the verse about a day being like a thousand years is from Psalm 90:4 . These verses are poetry and therefore not relevant to the actual age of the earth . Response . Poetic literature still makes truth claims . Are you suggesting that nothing in the Psalms is true ? To dismiss a text that is brought up in order to counter your position by saying \" that 's just poetry \" is tantamount to throwing God 's word out the window . One might wonder why it is that the YEC interpretation of Genesis 1 trumps every other passage in the Bible . Appearance of Age . The Argument . Sure , some scientific evidence may make it seem as though the earth is old , but it is not actually old . Instead , God made it in such a way that it would support life , and in order to do so , it had to look old . He created light already on its way to earth and the Flood explains sedimentation . Response . Nature tells us about reality , though we can not infallibly search it ( Psalm 19 ) ; God does not lie ; therefore , God would not make something which by all appearances would look old , but is not in fact old . Rebuttal . But Adam looked old . He was created about 30 years [ or some adult age ] old ! Similarly , the plants in the garden , etc . would have looked old , but been new . Response . The text does n't actually say how old Adam was when he was created . But that 's a side issue . More importantly , we would be able to tell how old Adam was by looking at evidences like his teeth , his bones , and the like . All of these would show signs of age . Regarding the plants , this argument really just begs the question for YEC . As it is written , \" And the LORD God planted a garden in Eden , in the east , and there he put the man whom he had formed . And out of the ground the LORD God made to spring up every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food ... \" ( Genesis 2:8 - 9a ) . The text clearly says that God planted a garden . While it says that God made plants spring up , it is prefaced by the notion of planting . The notion of planting implies growth over time . And suppose this is wrong ; suppose the plants were grown instantly : we 'd still be able to test them and see how old they actually were by looking at things like cell division and tree rings . Rebuttal . Your response assumes uniformitarianism . Response . See section on uniformitarianism . Presuppose Naturalism . The Argument . This one is extremely common when one listens to / watches debates between YEC and old earth proponents . Essentially , the argument goes like this : \" You are presupposing naturalism in order to come up with an old earth . I presuppose the Bible is true instead . The difference is I [ the YEC ] am aware of my presupposition . \" Response . Strictly speaking this argument is actually completely false . Naturalism is the philosophical position that only the natural world exists . The debates in which this argument is often brought up are very often between Christians of opposing views . Therefore , because they are both Christians , neither one is operating under the presupposition of naturalism . Rebuttal . The YEC may press this objection , however , and say what they mean is that one is presupposing a naturalistic methodology as opposed to the entire worldview . Response . Define \" naturalistic methodology . \" 1 ) If you mean assuming \" uniformitarianism \" : see the argument and response below . 2 ) If by \" naturalistic methodology \" you mean something else , show how that is the case . Uniformitarianism . The Argument . The only way to come up with an old earth is by assuming that everything has been uniform forever ; in other words , the processes in place now are operating at the same speed they always have . Response . Let 's apply this argument to one field : geology . Geology does come up with ages around 4.5 billion years old for the age of the earth . Now , the problem is that this is not due to uniformitarianism . Rather , geologists must take into account the fact that catastrophes do happen . For example , a huge meteor hitting the earth would change the geological landscape . Modern geology is neither catastrophist nor uniformitarian ; rather , it must take both into account . And it still comes up with an \" ancient \" earth . The problem is that YECs go to the opposite extreme and actually assume that a catastrophe ( or numerous catastrophes ) can account for all geologic evidence . By citing specific examples of catastrophism , they then apply a catastrophic geology to the rest of the earth . It 's exactly the methodology YECs critique , but then they do it themselves . This is simply naive . Furthermore , the burden of proof here is upon the YEC to show that the rates could increase at such a monumental rate on such a monumental scale that everything we observe that looks ancient is , in fact , ' young . ' They must make the argument . Rebuttal . You 're just starting with man 's fallible ideas . I just use the text for my guide . Response . See \" Look , it 's what the Bible says \" and \" Man 's Fallible Ideas \" sections below . Look , it 's what the Bible says . The Argument . I just read the Bible and agree with it . It says days , I say days ; it gives genealogies , I add them together . All I do is take Genesis literally . You use man 's fallible ideas to distort the text . Response . It has already been shown that the word \" day \" has several literal meanings . It has already been shown that \" day \" is used for a longer period than a \" day \" in the context of creation in Genesis . Thus , one could respond by saying \" I just read the text literally too . On the first ' age ' , God created .... on the second age , God created .... , etc . \" . Furthermore , the genealogies are incomplete . It can be demonstrated that a number of genealogies in the Bible skip people or operate in an inexact fashion . By assuming the genealogies are linear , one has read anachronistically a 21st century notion of a genealogy back onto the text . That would be one of man 's fallible ideas . Furthermore , the notion of an old earth proponent importing ' man 's fallible ideas ' into the text can be equally applied to YEC . Who says that YECs are infallible ? Would you claim you read the Bible perfectly and discern everything correctly ? You were n't there ! The Argument . You were n't there at creation . Neither were these \" scientists \" you cite in your \" evidence . \" How do you know what happened ? Response . You were n't there either , my friend . However , when we look at the stars , we are looking at the past . Furthermore , we can measure things like cosmic background radiation , sedimentation rates , volcanic activity , and the like in order to discern how old the earth is . Again , God tells us that nature gives us a record ( Psalm 19 ) , so one wonders why we are being told to doubt that record . Very Good . The Argument . God says that his creation was \" very good \" ; how could there then be animal death , thorns , cancer , and the like . The world would have been beautiful , without death , and without any kind of evils . Think about it , you 're saying that God was calling cancer eating away at dinosaurs and the like a \" very good \" thing ! [ Image credit here . ] Response . First , it seems very often that when YECs use the phrase \" very good \" what they mean is \" perfect \" in their own eyes . Why think that animal death is necessarily bad ? If animals did n't die , ecosystems would collapse : all the plant - eaters would starve , insects would take over and eat all plant life , and any number of other \" bad \" things would happen . Animal death is part of a beautiful system of maintaining order in the world . Using the cancer example to try to argue that it could n't be \" very good \" is importing human emotions into creatures which are not moral agents . Simply put , an animal is not a moral agent . This does n't mean it is good to kill them , but it is n't bad either . The harm comes when a moral agent intentionally brings unnecessary harm to an animal . I would like to see an argument for what \" very good \" means to YECs . Why should it mean absolute perfection ? Finally , one must wonder about the fact that God planted the garden in Eden and it is that creation which is \" very good \" . God planted this Garden , and it was the localized area in which Adam and Eve were placed . That 's what the text says . Nowhere does it say the whole earth was like the Garden . Compromise . The Argument . Unfortunately , this is one of the less subtle ad hominem types of arguments YECs employ . It basically goes like this : use a scare word like \" evolution , \" put in in context with an old earth proponent , and then call them compromisers . For example , \" Wartick , who believes in a form of old earth creationism - really just a variety of theistic evolutionism - chooses to compromise the text to fit secular science . \" Response . Unfortunately , this very type of argument is used to discredit many fellow Christians . Rather than focusing on the issues at hand , it is indeed easier to just bash the opposition . For the record , I am not a theistic evolutionist . The point is that others who hold views similar to my own suffer from arguments like this against them . It 's dishonest . The most unfortunate thing to take from this type of argument is that the average Christian on the street is very affected by it . Recently , I recommended an article from an extremely prominent Christian philosopher to another Christian . Their response was that if this other believer thought evolution might be true , they were too biased and they would not read the article . That 's right , the effect of this type of argument is that it brings about a situation in which people wo n't even read what other believers have to say about a topic . One must wonder , at least a little bit , about a position which discourages adherents to read the works of the opposition . Why not read and consider other viewpoints and take what is true ? Plain and Obvious Meaning- or \" I do n't need to twist the text . \" The Argument . Basically , the way this one goes is as follows : . I just read the text for what it says . You have to do all kinds of things to interpret it . Why do you twist the text to fit your views ? Response . Actually , YEC is also an interpretation of the Biblical text . It is an inference from the textual data . You are also interpreting the text , and need to justify your hermeneutic . Given the mounting evidence against it in books like The Lost World of Genesis One by John Walton , the evidence in your interpretation 's favor needs to be pretty hefty . You 're Using Science to Change the Meaning of Scripture . The Argument . Old earth proponents may have a viable exegetical position , but why on earth would they pick old earth over young earth ? It seems the only reason is because they are caving in to science . Response . Science can give us a record of reality . When the church lines itself up with views that do not accord with reality , it is discredited . Consider the controversy over heliocentrism vs. geocentrism . This controversy resulted because the church lined itself up with a philosophical position that it thought was taught by the text of the Bible . Similarly , the young earth position is an interpretation of Scripture and its advocates must contend with the scientific evidence . Augustine issued a strong warning related to this objection [ Literal Meaning of Genesis , Chapter 19 , Volume 1 ] : . The Bible says it , I believe it , that settles it . The Argument . This argument has a few varieties : . 1 ) The Bible says the earth is not millions or billions of years . Why do you insist on changing God 's word for man 's fallible ideas ? 2)The Biblical text entails a young earth . Why do you read it as a long period of time ? Response . 1 ) Where in the Bible does it say \" the earth is not millions or billions of years old \" ? Where in the Bible does it tell me the date of creation ? 2 ) Please show me : where in the Bible does it tell me the date of creation ? Where does in the Bible does it specifically say YEC is true ? If you ca n't , then you 're using an inference . See \" Plain and Obvious Meaning \" above . Man 's Fallible Ideas . The Argument . Perhaps the most frequently used argument is of this variety . Too often , when threatened by exegetical or extra - biblical evidence that contradicts their position , YECs will fall back to this type of argument : . \" That 's just using man 's fallible ideas to interpret the text . \" or . \" That 's using man 's fallible [ geology , astronomy , physics , insert discipline ] to alter the meaning of God 's word . \" Response . The Young Earth position is an interpretation of the text as much as any other . Thus , the argument could just as easily be turned around : . \" You 're just using man 's fallible interpretation to read a young earth onto the text . \" But , to be honest , this argument just amounts to a subtle ad hominem , even if the one using the argument does n't realize it . Why ? Because it suggests that the other side is a ) wrong ; and b ) not thinking Biblically . A better response , therefore , would be to simply point out that the YEC position is also interpreting the text and that old earth proponents are looking at the whole body of evidence God has provided instead of just trusting what others tell them about the text . Response to article against this one : . Over at \" fortress maximus \" the author offered a response to this article . I 'll not go point by point , but rather I listed a few areas of major contention . The most contentious point for me is that the author says I reject inerrancy , which is false . When I say \" you \" after this , I 'm referencing his article . As of this point in time ( January , 2013 ) , he has not amended his article to remove the false claims made about me therein . Anyway , response : . Thanks for your thoughtful response . I have a few comments , but I wo n't be too lengthy because I do n't have time . 1 ) You wrote \" the author fails his own claims by only outing the YEC arguments as faulty and then offering the OEC arguments as an unchallenged substitute . \" The title of the post is \" answering common YEC arguments . \" I think that pretty much makes my intention clear . The stated purpose is that I 'm not arguing specifically against the YEC position , which I do n't . I only answer many arguments . It 's a bit disingenuous to claim I 'm doing otherwise . 2 ) You wrote , \" Poetry in the Bible certainly is relevant , but only in revealing spiritual truths , not historic ones . \" No historic truths in the Psalms , eh ? I guess the Psalms by David when he was fleeing from his enemies do n't tell us anything about his situation ? I would like to see an argument for this claim . 3 ) Regarding appearance of age , you wrote \" I 've never heard any serious YECer use these arguments . Old appearance has nothing to do with God 's creation and how it may appear . This stance is also unsupported scripturally , hence it is blatantly flawed . So , if you are a YECer and you used this argument , stop it ! \" I was once YEC and unfortunately used this argument myself , because almost every other YEC I knew used it as well . Thus , it 's an argument used by YECs , and I answered it . I agree , though : stop it ! 4 ) You wrote \" We 're finally getting to the greatest point of contention - this argument states that the Bible is inaccurate and as such flawed ( \" the genealogies are incomplete \" ) . This goes against the premise that the Bible is the holy , inspired , infallible , written Word of God . \" Wrong , absolutely wrong . Unfortunately , YECs tend to do this to me all the time : put words in my mouth . Please show me in a quote where I said the Bible is inaccurate and flawed . Show me . You literally say it right there : \" this argument states that the Bible is inaccurate and as such flawed \" . But wait , the quote is actually : \" the genealogies are incomplete \" which we can demonstrate from the Bible . It 's not that they are inaccurate ; it is that the modern notion of a genealogy stating one generation after another with no gaps is just that : a modern notion . I never stated the Bible is inaccurate , nor do I state it is flawed . I have been a staunch defender of inerrancy . Your statement here is extremely ad hominem ; it is , in fact , so wrong and unsubstantiated by my blog that if I were n't giving you the benefit of the doubt I 'd think you 're just lying about me . I therefore ask you to retract it . 5 ) regarding dating methods : I hate to say it but anyone who reads non - YEC literature on this topic will not be convinced by these arguments . Yes , there are aberrations in the dating which are not covered up by secular or other scientists whatsoever : they state them in their works ; no , they do not undermine the whole system . Resources . Here is a list of resources for old earth perspectives . I will annotate it at some point . For now it 's just a list of amazon links . The preceding post is the property of J.W. Wartick ( apart from citations , which are the property of their respective owners ) and should not be reproduced in part or in whole without the expressed consent of the author . All content on this site is the property of J.W. Wartick and is made available for individual and personal usage . If you cite from these documents , whether for personal or professional purposes , please give appropriate citation with both the name of the author ( J.W. Wartick ) and a link to the original URL . If you 'd like to repost a post , you may do so , provided you show less than half of the original post on your own site and link to the original post for the rest . You must also appropriately cite the post as noted above . This blog is protected by Creative Commons licensing . By viewing any part of this site , you are agreeing to this usage policy . Share this : . Like this : . About J.W. Wartick . J.W. Wartick has an MA in Christian Apologetics from Biola University . His interests include theology , philosophy of religion -- particularly the existence of God -- astronomy , biology , archaeology , and sci - fi and fantasy novels . This is nothing more than rehashed OEC arguments that reveal a penchant for presenting an inconsistent hermeneutical approach to scripture . You stated as one of your appeals \" if someone reads the text and argues that in Genesis 1 the days mean \" ages \" , they are still reading the text literally . \" Such a statement is only partially true . One can read John 11:35 ( Jesus wept ) literally yet have no idea why he wept or what the word wept might mean in that context . You appeal to the fact yom is used differently in different places in scripture . Of course it is ! Yet you fail to represent a foundational principle of biblical exegesis and that is context determines interpretation . The day of the Lord is of course different than a specific 24 hour period of time . How does one determine that ? By reading a passage \" literally ? \" Yes and no . A literal reading is determined once again by context . This is no different than simple first grade level English comprehension . There will be a day is different than this day or referring to a specific day meaning an actual 24 hour period of time . Genesis 1 uses a number of methods to demonstrate day is day . You have evening / morning which is the beginning and end of a day in the Hebrew culture . You have a number associated with each day and then you have the word yom on top of that . I would hope Biola University is not teaching hermeneutics based on the idea that a word can mean whatever one wants simply because that word is used differently in various contexts throughout scripture . If they are , that is indeed sad . Scripture is indeed clear on the topic of origins . This is not an issue of salvation but rather an issue of recognizing the clarity and authority of scripture . Amalgamating evolutionary concepts into the pages of scripture is not a pursuit that should be undertaken as it indeed does undermine the message of God 's word . You wrote , \" You appeal to the fact yom is used differently in different places in scripture . Of course it is ! Yet you fail to represent a foundational principle of biblical exegesis and that is context determines interpretation . \" Exactly . The YEC position fails to take into account the ANE context of the Genesis 1 cosmology . Your entire argument is based upon your interpretation of the text . You appeal to a different hermeneutical approach . What is it ? All you do is argue exegetically , but you never actually point out where my hermeneutic is flawed . Here 's what I see : . The YEC position fails to take into account the ANE context of the text . They overlay 21st century science problems onto a text which is not intended as an exposition of science . In other words , YECs hold that the Genesis 1 text presents a scientific understanding of the age of the world ( how ? by inference from genealogies ? I already answered that objection ) , yet YECs also appeal to the changing nature of science when they denigrate OEC . Which is it ? I ca n't help but think that the YEC position is entirely anachronistic . You read back onto the text an anti - evolutionary context which simply is n't supported . Neither is evolution supported . It is n't addressing those questions . Is it also reasonable to compare the Genesis creation account with Revelation since we know it is also revelation ? Perhaps another part of its context is that it is one of few Scripture passages that could have no human contribution ( Job 38:4 ) . The fact that the account does n't explicitly state such does n't excuse us from acknowledging it , any more than Nicodemus or the disciples were excused by Jesus ( Matt . 16:5 - 12 , John 3:10 - 11 ) . Hey J.W. , Let me state from the start that I 'm no YEC proponent , but I think you might want to rethink your hermeneutic for understanding Genesis 1 from your comment here . Not so much because of what it does in the OEC / YEC discussions , but what it will do overall to how you view Scripture and particularly in discussion on the historicity of Adam . Let me explain briefly ( if I can ) . Genesis 1 does n't come to us as an ANE text complete with an ANE worldview . It comes as the introduction to the Pentateuch , and that as the foundation of the First Testament . The canonical message of the text as a whole is what the early church built their lives upon . As Christians , it is first and foremost one book from Genesis - Malachi . Thus , in seeking to understand God 's message in the text , what Isaiah says about Genesis is just as important as what Genesis says on it 's own . The only way that we can understand the intention of the author is through the words on a page . We have no access to their worldview , mindset , personal motivations , etc . apart from what they put on paper . We have no idea what Moses was thinking as he wrote Genesis 1 , as God does not offer it to us . On a larger scale , we have no access to an ANE worldview . We can piece together tablets and fragments spanning some 2000 years from various locations over a couple hundred miles and say that together these give us a general idea of an ANE worldview , but even then it 's foggy at best . Even then , it 's only a 21st century reconstruction of such a worldview . It seems foolish to me to interpret Scripture in light of such a construct . A better question is what can we learn from the text when we read the words synchronically or canonically ? A good primer for Genesis 1 on this topic is John Sailhamer 's Genesis Unbound . He is no YEC , and has been widely criticized by YEC proponents , largely for taking the Hebrew meanings of the words from their literary contexts so seriously . I think that you 're using a very narrow , and even borderline postmodern understanding of worldview . We can indeed discover things about the worldview of the ANE . Consider the fact that we have numerous cosmologies , many of which contain 7-day sequences . It seems that we can therefore know that the 7-day sequence was part of the way they showed completion in creation . I would like to see an argument for why we can not come to such conclusions about the inaccessibility of worldviews . I ca n't help but think it shows a very anachronistic understanding of history . Actually , it 's something of a premodern perspective ( see Steinmetz 's \" Superiority of Pre - Critical Exegesis \" ) , but postmodernism does salvage some aspects that modernism overlooked . Honestly , it 's simply the standard evangelical perspective pre-1900 , which was revived under canonical theology in the 1950s and also the traditional rabbinic perspective . You focus on the words on the page , because that 's all we have . Thus , linguistic arguments trump discussions of vaguely reconstructed ANE cosmologies . I hold that worldviews are all encompassing , and that whereas we can clearly understand a biblical worldview based on the divinely inspired words of Scripture , we have no idea what Moses 's worldview was apart from the words recorded in the Bible . Furthermore , we can not sufficiently construct an ANE cosmology , especially to the point of analyzing Scripture through its lens . I 've read the relevant texts ( most in their original languages ) , and think the differences are much more radical than the similarities . All we have are words . Thus , we search for the author 's verbal meaning through his words . If we believe , as evangelicals have always believed , that there is a Divine Author with a narrative strategy weaved throughout the entire Bible , then we have to allow that the canonical message of the text is greater than any sectioned out part in abstract . Thus , the interpretations of later biblical writers on the Creation narrative shape our understanding more than contemporary ( if we could even call it such ) cosmologies from other cultures . Again , I really do n't accept this rejection of the possibility of considering worldviews when reading a text . Are we to assume we ca n't try to get at the author 's intent in a text ? If so , then to argue for different genres in the Bible is impossible , for all we have are words . We ca n't know whether the author meant Psalms about rivers clapping their hands literally or figuratively : we only have words . Again , I see no argument here , only assertions . And frankly , I 'm totally unconvinced . If all we can know are the words , we must throw out genres , we must throw out any notion of finding the meaning of the text [ after all , we ca n't find the original meaning ! we may as well just make our own up from the words on the page ] , etc . . I find this view to be not conservative , but radically liberal . It seems to me it would allow for any reading you want . Hey , We are n't in an argument here , so cut the rhetoric and let 's just chat , okay ? Actually , many evangelical scholars ( conservative and liberal ) would say that we can not know the author 's intention , but claim that since God did n't inspire the author 's intention that it does n't really matter . Nor did God inspire the author 's worldview ( and we are all thankful for that ! ) I think the author 's meaning is what the words mean . Our only access to the intention is through the meaning of the words in their canonical context . If you want an argument , it would be this : 1 . God inspired Scripture 2 . Scripture is a collection of words 3 . Therefore , God inspired the words of Scripture . As evangelicals , we confess that the events of Scripture are historical , but God did not inspire the events , nor scholarly reconstructions of said events , but he inspired his interpretation of the events recorded in Scripture . Furthermore , we have no way of knowing what Moses , Paul or anyone else \" thought \" about what they were writing , but God did n't inspire their thoughts , or even their intentions . Instead , he inspired their words . All Scripture is inspired by God . Historical reconstructions , perspectives , archaeology , etc . are not . Therefore , inner biblical exegesis , which is inspired , has more value than external data for interpreting a text . Thus , linguistic ( and theological ) arguments are primary . Let me explain what this looks like in practice with Gen 1 . If I want to understand bereshiyt , the first phrase , then the typical response from YEC and OEC is to read an external reconstruction back into the text . So , science says the universe is 13.7 billion years old and this must be talking about that ... but they skip the more important part of trying to figure out what the words mean canonically . Where else is this word used ? How does the rest of Scripture look back on this phrase . Immediately , you notice that it 's referring to an indefinite period of time that starts off an ordered period of time . It does n't have to be the very beginning point either . For instance , Job 8:7 simply means the first part of Job 's life . Often , with the kings , \" the beginning \" of their reign may be a few years into it , or even the halfway point chronologically . Canonically , the phrase means that God created at an indefinite time in the past , which began an ordered set of time ( the week ) . What did God do ? He created ( bara ) . This verb is used here , in regards to the first living creatures and in regards to humans . It is also used in the summary statements . This is the creation out of nothing verb ( before anyone says anything , yes I have read Walton and discussed the issues with him personally ... but myself and almost every other OT scholar currently disagrees with him on his understanding of bara ) . But the rest of the chapter uses a different verb ( ' asah ) , which is a verb used for fashioning things out of pre - existing material . It refers to assigning function to things . Thus , God \" made \" the two lights in giving them the purpose of setting apart seasons for festivals and the like . Were they already there ? Yeah , probably ... at least if God created them in the beginning . What did God create ? The sky and the land ( the heavens and the earth for you KJV types ) . This is a Hebrew merism , where two opposites are used to stress everything in between . There are lots of other examples , but this one seems to emphasize all we can see . At some indefinite point in the beginning , God created , out of nothing , the sky , the land and all we see in between . That is what the Hebrew is saying if read in light of inner biblical witness , before we bring in ANE perspectives , modern science or YEC reconstructed science . And that is just the first verse ( for which much more could be said ) . Let me give an example . Thus , based on bara there are three big creation events ... the sky / land ( universe ) , the first life and the \" man and woman . \" That would place me in the ID camp currently , with special creations at the origin of our universr , the first life and a special creation of Adam / Eve as well , but this is for theological / linguistic reasons which trump external ones in my worldview . I hope that helps clarify what I am getting at , and how my critiques above work in practice . Thanks . By the way , I am a Southern Baptist , who studied at SBC schools , served in SBC churches before moving to Malaysia to do what we do . I proudly confess the 1689 LBCF and 2000 BF&M , so there is n't a liberal , much less a radically liberal bone in me , haha . Thank you for clarifying your position so lucidly . I think that I am agreement with much of what you say here . However , I still do think that the ANE context is important to understand why / how the words were used as they were . I have little to disagree with in this comment . Michael , I 'm curious . Genesis 2.1 - 3 reads , \" Thus the heavens and the earth were finished , and all the host of them . And on the seventh day God finished his work that he had done , and he rested on the seventh day from all his work that he had done . So God blessed the seventh day and made it holy , because on it God rested from all his work that he had done in creation . \" There 's no , \" And there was evening and there was morning , the sixth day , \" there . You have n't stated your position , but it 's reasonable to infer you take it to be some sort of argument in favor of the OEC position , correct ? After all , you address the comment to a YEC but not an OEC . If I were being cheeky I could just say that however we understand it , we have yet to see any reason to understand it as supporting an OEC position . But I have provided another answer in part 2 of my response to JW on my blog . You can find it by clicking my name or at the pingback on the bottom of this page . I 'd like to respond to each of your points , or most of them anyway , but I do n't have a lot of time right now . If I wait till I do have time , I 'll probably never get around to it :) . So what I 'd like to do is respond to your points one at a time and we 'll see how it goes if that 's alright with you . I saw that the Facebook link had several comments , but I did n't bother to read them so I apologize if I 'm repeating something that 's already been discussed . So then , starting from the top : . Perspicuity of Scripture . You note that some YECs claim that OEC undermines the perspicuity of Scripture , which you define as \" the central teachings of Scripture can be understood by any who come to the Gospel . \" You 're response to this objection is to point to your definition : \" The Perspicuity of Scripture does not apply to all areas of Biblical doctrine . Do you understand perfectly the Trinity \" . My response : . Your response rests on how you 've defined the perspicuity of Scripture . But I think a YEC need not accept your framing of the issue and might even have good reason to reject it . Gregg Allison indicates in his \" Historical Theology \" that it was n't until the post - reformation period that the perspicuity of Scripture was limited to issues pertaining to salvation ( section 3766 of the Kindle edition ) . My response above does not demonstrate that OECs do compromise the clarity of Scripture . But I do think it shows your response inadequate to rebut the charge . I think that definition is inadequate , because it does seem to be the case that while Scripture is clear on salvation issues , there are many side issues on which it is not so clear . Calvinism or not ; end - times ( rapture ? ) ; the meaning of revelation ; dispensationalism ? ; etc . Someone who wants to define it that way is , it seems , not reflecting much on the debates within Christianity . You suggest that a view of perspicuity which is broader than simply \" salvation issues \" is inadequate because there is debate on so many other issues . You suggest that someone who wants the broader view of perspicuity is n't \" reflecting much on the debates . \" So in other words , your reasoning goes like this : There is debate on issues x , y , and z. Therefore , x , y , and z must not be perspicuous . I have a few responses : . It seems to me that your reply here undercuts your own position . There are just as many debates on \" salvation issues \" as on other issues . In fact , you list Calvinism , which deals with \" salvation issues . \" So in order to avoid the self - defeating nature of the claim you 'd have to narrow it more than simply \" salvation issues . \" But then this all starts to look rather ad hoc . In addition , it seems you would have to deal with the Scripture evidence itself , which , as Grudem points out , provides no justification for such a narrow understanding . Granted I have not presented that evidence here for time constraints , but you can reference Grudem 's cited material in my first post . Those throughout church history who held the broader view of the doctrine always recognized that there are some parts hard to understand . They had various ways of dealing with this . For instance , Luther in part explained this as due to our own sin and not to the Scriptures being unperspicuous per se . I was n't intending to defend the original argument you raise and then try to rebut , only your rebuttal . Obviously we would need to hash out the issue of perspicuity , right ? Do clear things present themselves as clear immediately or do we need some sort of argument for their clarity ? If we need some sort of argument for their clarity does this automatically undercut the claim to clarity ? I wo n't be doing this right now , but I 'll think about it and may get back to you later . Jonathan , I think it 's important to distinguish that perspicuity in no way means that all passages are clear in and of themselves . Furthermore , I do n't believe that JW is saying that Calvinism is not a soteriological issue ( which is how your comment takes it ) , but it 's not a salvation issue . An individuals understanding of the doctrines of grace does not determine his salvation . What determines his salvation is whether or not he is regenerate and in Christ . At the same time , it 's important to say that people of all times could understand a passage . So , God did not hide the meaning of Gen 1 from all of those who either ( 1 ) did not have proper understanding of modern cosmology , or ( 2 ) that do not have a proper understanding of ancient cosmologies . The divine message of the text transcends the particular cultures into which it was first received or currently received . In fact , it is made clearer as it interacts with divine revelation given at a later time . Thus , it is proper to interpret Gen 1 in light of Col 1 , for God 's revelation is consistent throughout . Thus , there is a divine author of the canon of Scripture that transcends the particular meanings of the individual authors . You say , \" I think it 's important to distinguish that perspicuity in no way means that all passages are clear in and of themselves . \" I believe I already did this where I said , \" Those throughout church history who held the broader view of the doctrine always recognized that there are some parts hard to understand . \" You say , \" I do n't believe that JW is saying that Calvinism is not a soteriological issue ( which is how your comment takes it ) , but it 's not a salvation issue . \" \" Soteriological issue \" and \" savlation issue \" are not technical terms for different things . JW did n't specify how he was using the term . He just said \" salvation issue \" . Calvinism is a \" salvation issue . \" Some hyper - Calvinists do believe it is a salvation issue in this stipulated sense and there are other debates regarding salvation issues in this stipulated sense ( e.g. , faith + works ) . As far as the specifics of the arguments made , they have been addressed , multiple times , on websites like Answers In Genesis and Creation Ministries International . But hey , if it makes you feel like you 've accomplished something , knock yourself out . Someday ( as in a normal 24 hour day ) you 'll stand before the Lord and can explain why adding billions of years mattered to you so much . Try convincing the Lord that the plain reading of the text caused you to believe it meant billions of years , and that the pressure did n't come from outside of the bible . Good luck with that . Regarding the text itself . I have emphasized that when you ask the text \" how old is the earth \" you 're asking it the wrong questions . The point of the Genesis cosmology is to treat God as king of the universe , not to tell us how old the earth is . And notice that your response here is really a tu quoque fallacy . I 've asked you to demonstrate the position that the earth is indeed ' young ' . Rather than responding , you 've asked me to demonstrate that the universe is billions of years old based on the text . But I hold that the text is neutral regarding the age of the earth , and to therefore force it into one or the other is to do extreme damage to the text . The burden of proof is upon you to show that the text is speaking to the age of the universe and that it necessitates a young earth . Let 's see the evidence . Yes ... it IS what the bible says , so simple even a child can understand it , but professing to be wise man makes a fool of himself worrying about trying to make the bible say what science says .... so sad ... so very very sad . I do n't recall you asking me to demonstrate the earth is young , but maybe I have n't read you carefully enough . In light of my not seeing you ask me to do this I 'll have to deny the tu quoque . If you have asked me to do this ( or if you are just now asking me to do this ) I 'll admit I ca n't do this right now . Nevertheless , others have tried to do this and I 'm sure you 're aware of them . Regarding the \" wrong question \" ... well , I 'll have to come back to that later but right now I 'll say that if this is your response to \" does the text even hint at billions of years ? \" then it only seems to concede that it does not because it is not about that issue . The text \" allows \" for billions of years ? Fine . John 6:56 allows for cannibalism . Right ? Our goal here when exegeting the text should not be to test its flexibility , but rather to handle it in a straight - forward manner , according to its context . The word \" day \" can have many meanings , but only until it 's given a context , then its semantic range is limited . If you 're concerned with people \" doing damage to the text , \" I would encourage you to avoid shifting definitions on so many terms in Genesis 1 , thus destroying its message . It 's common for OEC to suggest \" evening \" and \" morning \" mean a span of time , and \" day \" is yet another span of time . But what meaning is there to be found in : \" There was a span of time , and a span of time , the first span of time . \" Does that really sound like what the text is communicating ? is this how Jews have understood the text throughout their history ? Is this how Christians in antiquity have understood it ? Is this how Jesus understood it when he argued from Genesis time and time again in the NT ? \" Evening and morning is used on ' days ' before the sun is made . What do those words mean without the sun ? \" Is the existence of light contingent upon the existence of the Sun ? Absolutely not . 3 And God said , \" Let there be light , \" and there was light . 4 And God saw that the light was good . And God separated the light from the darkness . 5 God called the light Day , and the darkness he called Night . And there was evening and there was morning , the first day . So we have light , from day one , which provides an evening and a morning , and serves as the means by which a day was measured . This light appears to be replaced by the Sun later in the text . Here 's my counter - question : is God limited to 24 hour days when that is only measured by the sun relative to the earth and we are told in the text that the sun did n't mark days ( as times ) until the fourth day ? Show me in the text where it suggests such a thing . I do n't see anything in the text that says God limited his creative activity based upon a not - yet - conceived measurement of time . The Sun did n't mark days until day four , but you 're ignoring the fact that days were already being marked from day one , and by the same means - evening and morning , light and darkness . The light on day one and the sun on day four are performing the same role . It 's like an employee who works the first 12 hours of the day , only to be replaced by another who works the second 12 hours of the day , yet both performed the same duties while on the clock . Correction , the times were marked prior to the fourth day : \" 3 And God said , \" Let there be light , \" and there was light . 4 And God saw that the light was good . And God separated the light from the darkness . 5 God called the light Day , and the darkness he called Night . And there was evening and there was morning , the first day . \" See , God marked days by day and light , evening and morning . There was light ( and hence a marker ) from day 1 . \" Show me in the text where it suggests such a thing . I do n't see anything in the text that says God limited his creative activity based upon a not - yet - conceived measurement of time . \" You 're engaged in a bit of affirming the consequent here . \" Days are being measured , \" I say . To which you respond \" The sun measures days , ergo the sun must exist . \" Therein lies your error - you 're assuming that if days are to be marked ( by evening and morning ) , there must necessarily be a Sun . This assumes that the existence of energized photons are contingent upon the existence of our local Sun . If that 's the case , from whence does the light that God clothes himself in come from ? I hate to throw a wrench into this whole discussion , but is either position the meaning of these texts ? Here are some more difficult problems ( possibly for either position ) : . Evening literally means the period when the sun goes down . The Arabic and Ugaritic cognates refer to something going down and coming up . What is going down if there is no sun on the first few days ? Furthermore , the word for morning literally means the coming of daylight . Gen 1:3 does n't speak of the ontological creation of light . If Moses intended to say that he would have used similar phraseology to Gen 1:1 . \" And God created ( bara ' ) the light , \" or something similar . Instead , God simply says , \" let the light be \" or \" let the light come . \" The linguistic structure is similar to passages like Neh 8:3 , where the same word just means morning . In Ex 10:23 an almost identical structure is used to describe how the Hebrews had daylight while there were three days of darkness in Egypt . Gen 44:3 also associates the term in this structure with morning . It seems to not be speaking about the ontological creation of light ( which would most likely require the Hebrew verb bara ' . Instead , linguistically , it just means \" let it be morning , \" or \" let the daylight come . \" Once again , this seems to presuppose a sun already in place for their to be morning , evening or have the daylight come . Likewise , nothing in Day 4 speaks of ontological creation . The language is purposive , not creative , i.e. \" Let the lights in the expanse of the heavens be to separate the day from the night . \" It then says that their purpose is for signs and for seasons . Bibles will often make a note here to clarify that this is n't talking about anything like our four seasons . The word \" signs \" refers to markers used either to commemorate something or miraculous events . The word for \" seasons , \" means \" appointed times , \" specifically in reference to assembling for worship festivals or commemorations . The language focuses on how the distinction of day / night will serve for setting apart festivals and commemorations ( days and years are also regularly used for this reason ) . Thus , when we make it about ontological creation , we are missing what the text seems to be saying on its own . Since the sky and the land ( and all that you see in between ) were created ( bara ' ) in the beginning , there is no reason to think there was no sun until the fourth day . Especially whenever you consider that Gen 1:16 does n't say that God created bara ' the two great lights on the fourth day , but that he made ( ' asah ) them . The Hebrew verb ' asah refers to shaping or giving purpose and meaning to things with pre - existing sources . Thus , I can take clay and shape it into a vase . I give the clay a purpose through \" making \" it . Anyway , hopefully that will give you both some more to chew on in this discussion . By the way , All of this fits within Moses 's purpose of showing that originally the Garden was the \" tabernacle \" where God dwelt with man . It looks forward to the later texts describing the purpose of the tabernacle and then the temple . Thus , you see purpose in the week of \" creation , \" that aims toward this end . To me whether the earth is young is a big issue because if we compromise on this issue it is the slippery slope Do we say that there was millions of years before Jesus came to save this world from sin . Also science is more plusible if you young earth creationism as where do fossils come from is simply explained by the flood and can not be explained adequately by any other way . If you have read science research papers on say fossils the ages change over time and so has the age of the big bang . You have to do so much dances with the text on genesis . The old earth creation view also struggles into the realm of archalogical point of view of the bible the minimalist and the maximalist point of view which tries to date things later than when the bible states them and tried to say Moses and exodus . It affects translators of the bible As a young earth creationist I love the bible and i love science and astronomy and it breaks my heart as it Denegrates the gospel . I hate to say it but the discussion of dating systems is highly inaccurate here . If you want a Christian perspective which draws on all kinds of sources for this and other problems , see The Bible , Rocks , and Time . I highly recommend reading more than just the YEC literature . I have studied the Secular methods of dating even the royal society of chemistry was unsure about carbon dating beyond a certain period I highly recommend reading people who have been in the field . Believe me I read a lot of secular science lit such as new scientist and other journals . With dating methods you still come across the same problems of presuppositions . So if secular science decides to jump to trillions of years you have no problem with that Also if dating methods are not accurate what is the basis of truth as we are not a postmodern relativist With changing dates . Note that I said that they will have aberrations , not that the process is inaccurate . Further , at this point I sincerely doubt we 'll jump to trillions of years . I would also be hesitant to say that it is \" secular science , \" for that draws a false dichotomy between secular science and the science done by the religious which is historically inaccurate . Finally , my whole position is that the age of the universe is not argued in the text itself . What the Genesis text shows is that cosmic origins are due to God , who is king over creation . Note that I said that they will have aberrations , not that the process is inaccurate . Further , at this point I sincerely doubt we 'll jump to trillions of years . I would also be hesitant to say that it is \" secular science , \" for that draws a false dichotomy between secular science and the science done by the religious which is historically inaccurate . Finally , my whole position is that the age of the universe is not argued in the text itself . What the Genesis text shows is that cosmic origins are due to God , who is king over creation . Hi JW . I 'm back with more on your article . This time dealing with your second point : . The Meaning of Day . You claim the YEC claims that \" ... yom , means day . It literally means a 24 hour period . \" and your response is that : \" yom has several different literal meanings ... Thus , if someone reads the text \" with one of these other meanings \" they are still reading the text literally . \" I respond with two points : . i. This looks like a straw - man . Every YEC I know of has made the observation that \" yom \" can have different meanings . Now perhaps you will respond with something like \" But my grandma Sue says ' Day means day and that settles it ! ' Well , maybe so . ii . You reason that so long as we use a meaning within the semantic range of the term we can can be said to be reading the text literally . I do n't think so . I think I could pick every word in John 3:16 and , with a good dictionary , come up with fringe meanings for every word in the verse to construct an absurd reading of the text . Would anyone really call that a literal reading ? I doubt it . Sometimes ( often ? ) we say that a reading is literal if it aligns with the authorial intent of the passage ( or something along those lines ) . On that ground , you would first have to argue that the author intended for ' yom ' to mean a long period of time before you could say it is a literal reading . Perhaps you can suggest some other understanding of what it means for someone to read a text \" literally \" and try to make your argument fit with that . But simply picking whatever is within the semantic range of the terms looks ... absurd . Perhaps organized YECs do not make this faulty argument , but I have seen it time and again both in interactions online and in person . I came from a YEC background so I had many friends who used this same argument . As you said , it may be a caricature . But this is indeed a very common argument from the average YEC on the street . If the title of my post were \" answering the more thoughtful YEC arguments \" I would leave this one out . But it 's not . Your second point is much more on target . You wrote , \" Sometimes ( often ? ) we say that a reading is literal if it aligns with the authorial intent of the passage ( or something along those lines ) . On that ground , you would first have to argue that the author intended for ' yom ' to mean a long period of time before you could say it is a literal reading . \" Okay , let 's go there . Again , I 'm not trying to argue that the author intends for yom to mean \" a long period of time \" ; what I am arguing is that the text is not intended to answer the 21st century question : how old is the universe ? I 've yet to see anyone try to dispute that . Instead , everyone is just asserting the text says its young and asks me to demonstrate it is old . But I think that 's forcing the text into a 21st century meaning that was not intended . I want an argument for why the text is about the age of the universe as opposed to what appears to be its intent : cosmic origins which portray the universe as God 's temple / kingdom and God as king over it . I 'm going to try to use HTML here , but I 'm not sure if it works in WordPress comments . Hopefully it does , if not you 're comments are tagged in what would be italics and my comments are those that follow . Perhaps organized YECs do not make this faulty argument , but I have seen it time and again both in interactions online and in person . The problem is there is no way to verify this . I 've argued both sides of the issue before and I 've never seen it online or in person . And my experience aligns with what we would expect . We would expect YEC arguments on the street to look like YEC arguments you find from popular sources like AiG , yet neither AiG nor any other YEC source I 'm aware of use this argument . Yous say , . Again , I 'm not trying to argue that the author intends for yom to mean \" a long period of time \" ; what I am arguing is that the text is not intended to answer the 21st century question : how old is the universe ? And elsewhere you have said , . ... when you ask the text \" how old is the earth \" you 're asking it the wrong questions . The point of the Genesis cosmology is to treat God as king of the universe , not to tell us how old the earth is . So it sounds like you are committed to the position that the author does not intend to tell us whether the days were \" ages \" or regular days . You say , . I 've yet to see anyone try to dispute that . Instead , everyone is just asserting the text says its young and asks me to demonstrate it is old . But I think that 's forcing the text into a 21st century meaning that was not intended . I want an argument for why the text is about the age of the universe as opposed to what appears to be its intent : cosmic origins which portray the universe as God 's temple / kingdom and God as king over it . You said in your original article that \" This post is not going to argue against young earth creationism \" and you reiterate this point again in an addendum and add \" I only answer many arguments . \" Well , I 'm doing the same thing . I 'm not arguing against OEC specifically nor am I arguing in favor of YEC . Rather , I 'm responding or answering your post . I tried to make this clear when I said \" I 'd like to respond to each of your points \" and \" My response above does not demonstrate that OECs do compromise the clarity of Scripture . But I do think it shows your response inadequate to rebut the charge \" and \" I was n't intending to defend the original argument you raise and then try to rebut , only your rebuttal \" ( all quotes from my first few posts ) . Yet you seem to want me to prove YEC . Why ? This looks as unreasonable as if I were to demand you prove OEC . Nevertheless , on more than one occasion you 've brought up this issue so I 'll respond to what you 've said : . \" the text is neutral regarding the age of the earth , and to therefore force it into one or the other is to do extreme damage to the text . The burden of proof is upon you to show that the text is speaking to the age of the universe and that it necessitates a young earth . You seem to think the support for the text being \" neutral regarding the age of the earth \" is that \" The point of the Genesis cosmology is to treat God as king of the universe , not to tell us how old the earth is . But that looks like a non - sequitur to me . The genealogies of Jesus are to demonstrate his being the Messiah . We do n't therefore say that it 's unimportant whether he was actually descended from those persons or whether those persons are historical or make - believe . The point of judges is , at least in part , the demonstrate the need for a king . But that does n't give us reason to dismiss the events as non - historical . By this method , we could jettison the historical nature of the entire Bible simply by pointing out that it was written to communicate some truth . Thus , the fact that \" the point of Genesis cosmology is to treat God as king of the universe \" does absolutely nothing to support your claim that \" the text is neutral regarding the age of the earth . \" Rather , the text intends to tell us that God is king of the universe and it does this by describing how God created the universe in the space of six days . Does this prove YEC ? No , but again that is not my intention . You set out to show that several YEC arguments ( and maybe some caricatures of YEC arguments ) are inadequate to the task . All I 'm intending to do is show that your responses to YEC arguments are actually themselves inadequate to the task . Hate to say it , but you must not have looked very hard in published literature for the appearance of age argument . Furthermore , even that world was destroyed by the Flood of Noah , so that the world we live in today is a relic of destructive processes , not creative processes . Any effort to apply present processes and process rates to creation is doomed to failure ... \" . Christian Assemblies International : \" Thus , if God created a tree , it would have rings in it the moment it was created . That is , creation of the tree would bring with it the built - in appearance of age , where no age , in fact , existed . Perhaps the most famous YEC book , The Genesis Flood , \" We reply , however , that the Biblical outline of earth history , with the geologic framework provided thereby , would lead us to postulate exactly this state of the radioactivity evidence . We would expect radiogenic minerals to indicate very large ages and we would expect different elements in the same mineral , or different minerals in the same formation to agree with each other . So it seems that this is a highly relevant argument , and a simple google search can yield a plethora of examples . Thus , it is fairly common . You wrote , \" So it sounds like you are committed to the position that the author does not intend to tell us whether the days were \" ages \" or regular days . My point there is that the text itself does not tell us one way or the other . You wrote , \" Thus , the fact that \" the point of Genesis cosmology is to treat God as king of the universe \" does absolutely nothing to support your claim that \" the text is neutral regarding the age of the earth . \" Rather , the text intends to tell us that God is king of the universe and it does this by describing how God created the universe in the space of six days . Good point . My response is that we can look at the ANE context of the text and see that 7 day cosmologies are found throughout them , with the 7 days utilized to emphasize the completeness of the cosmic origins , not the time period . We 're reading 21st century problems onto a text not intended to answer those questions . I 'd like to see an argument for the text being specifically about the age of the universe . IF that 's the question you want the text to answer , the burden of proof is indeed upon you to show that is the text 's intent or teaching . Finally , I must note that I 'm starting to get the vibes I 've gotten from others in the past with the level of inaccuracy . Please , at least do a google fact - check before you make claims . In order to find published claims in YEC literature on this argument , it took me about 20 seconds . Yet you claimed , \" The problem is there is no way to verify this . I 've argued both sides of the issue before and I 've never seen it online or in person . \" A simple search would have solved the problem pretty quickly . While the arguments may not be stated in the exact form of my own post , the arguments themselves are clearly in the category of \" appearance of age . \" So please , before your comment , fact check . You responded to my remarks on the meaning of day with links to YEC sources on the appearance of age . These are two different things , as I 'm sure you realize . But somehow you 've gotten the subject of our conversation confused , though I 'm not sure how . So unfortunately most of your response here is simply off topic of what we were discussing , since showing that YEC commonly appeal to appearance of age does n't show that YEC commonly say \" day means day \" without noting that it has a variety of meanings . I will eventually get to the appearance of age argument . I will defend the appearance of age against the charge of making God a liar and I will argue that certain OEC positions ( including one you see to be advocating ) actually open themselves up to this charge . But I 'm not responding to that point yet and , as I said , I will take your points one at a time . You do make a some remarks that are on topic of my last response : . My response is that we can look at the ANE context of the text and see that 7 day cosmologies are found throughout them , with the 7 days utilized to emphasize the completeness of the cosmic origins , not the time period . Again , this does n't seem to do anything to build a case that Genesis 1 ( or other ANE cosmologies ) are not intending to be historical or actual in their chronologies . It looks like another non - sequitur . How do you know , for instance , that the figure of 7 did n't acquire its symbolic significance precisely because it is historically grounded in the creation event ? So far as I can see , no argument can be given from 7 having symbolic significance or being present in ANE cosmologies to the conclusion that , therefore , creation must not have really occurred in 7 days . In fact , explaining how the number 7 would acquire significance fits better with the view that it acquired this from the historical creation event . You say , . the 7 days utilized to emphasize the completeness of the cosmic origins , not the time period . As someone else has pointed out ( Young ? ) , if the authors of said cosmologies are not intending to say anything about the time or chronology of the events , structuring their narrative with chronology and time - markers is a very odd way to go about not saying anything about time or chronology . But as I 've said , the fact that 7 might have symbolic significance does n't give us any reason to think God must not have created in 7 days nor does it give us any reason to think the time period is insignificant . On the contrary , following your reasoning more consistently , we have more reason to think the time period is important since it \" follows \" ( allegedly ) a significant pattern . ( But as I 've already pointed out , it fits better to say that the number gained its significance from the event rather than vice versa . ) You say , . We 're reading 21st century problems onto a text not intended to answer those questions . I realize that you believe we are reading 21st century problems onto a text ... but so far that 's just your assertion . Any reason you 've given for supposing this to be the case ( the narrative is n't \" about that \" or 7 is significant ) just wo n't carry the weight for you . I 'd like to see an argument for the text being specifically about the age of the universe . IF that 's the question you want the text to answer , the burden of proof is indeed upon you to show that is the text 's intent or teaching . You ask for an argument that the text is \" specifically about the age of the universe . \" But as I already pointed out : that 's irrelevant . It does n't need to be about the age of the universe in order for it to tell us about the age of the universe . I do n't shoulder any burden of proof to show the text is specifically about that since I do n't need for the text to be specifically about that in order for the text to still tell us something about the age of the universe . Your final paragraph only builds upon your confusion about the topic we were addressing . Reading through and there is certainly a lot of information you present . That could lead to much discussion . In this comment I am only going to focus on one area under \" appearance of age \" and ask for a clarification of what you are stating . I am not sure I understand what you mean regarding Adam 's age and what the evidence would tell us . In your response : The text does n't actually say how old Adam was when he was created . But that 's a side issue . More importantly , we would be able to tell how old Adam was by looking at evidences like his teeth , his bones , and the like . All of these would show signs of age . If you mean the text does not say whether Adam was created as a 20 or 30 something ( or choose any age you want ) then you are right . But the text does say ( assuming we are agreeing that Adam was a literal person created from dust ) that Adam was created as a functioning adult and not a newborn infant . Are you suggesting that an examination of his teeth and bones on the completion of day 1 would indicate an age of 30 years or an age of 1 day ? I 've carved out the time to respond to several of your points at once , ( otherwise I 'd be draggin this out over the course of 16 days ) . Due to the length of the posts I 've published my response ( and will publish the further responses ) on my blog . [ blockquote]\"Nature tells us about reality , though we can not infallibly search it ( Psalm 19 ) ; God does not lie ; therefore , God would not make something which by all appearances would look old , but is not in fact old . \" [ /blockquote ] . And this really undermines everything for the OEC position . How ? Because if we had no notion that the earth or universe was supposedly very , very old , there would never be the first idea that Genesis 1 was not speaking of literal days . Can you honestly say that you would have suspected such a thing without first having some idea that the earth was supposedly old ? I doubt that enough to go ahead and rebut it before hearing your reply . The fact is , according to your own reasoning , God would not make something to appear what it is not . But that is in fact just what He has done if we have to forego the natural inclination to understand the creation account to refer to six literal days . God left the door wide open , nay , one could go as far as to say encouraged believers in His Word , to believe something that was n't true . It would seem to me that God was somewhat a failure if He could n't communicate more clearly in Genesis 1 . I 'll just add that the OEC position has a defeater of major proportions , namely that it still holds to C , or Creation . We are undeniably speaking miracle here . And since we are speaking miracle , why is it necessary to hold God 's feet as close to the naturalism / uniformitarianism fire as possible ? What , in principal , is wrong with the notion that creation happened over six literal days less than ten thousand years ago ? At bottom , we are telling God we will only believe Him after we do our own investigating . But in some contexts even this is OK . After all , we should be Bereans . What is a little mystifying is that on the issue of OEC , it seems we are simply judging God 's word for a mess of pottage . What has the YEC to gain from sticking to a literal six day creation ? Little , it seems . On the other hand , the OEC can avoid a whole lot of eye - rolls and be taken into the scientific community with a modicum of respectability . Pardon me ! ? I say you are reading through a 21st century lens . That , in fact , is demonstrable . Or , are you saying that it has n't only been within the last couple hundred years that Bible believers have been trying to understand how to reconcile Genesis 1 with a very old universe ? That people , prior to that , unanimously understood the Bible to teach a literal , six day , 24 hour creation ? You addressed nothing in my post . I 'm reading the text how it naturally reads . I did n't specifically address why I think the universe to be around 6,000 years old . I believe it because the arguments I 've heard in favor of that position seem reasonable ( the OEC position would be required to accept them as reasonable as well , otherwise there would be no need for this discussion ) . What is clear from an unbiased reading of the text in every single major Bible translation today is that the creation took place over six 24 hour days . To say that the \" text \" plainly says otherwise is to say that it has been mangled by Bible translators for forever . Does Genesis 1 tell us on what date the earth , much less the universe , was created ? Sorry , Bishop Ussher , but , no , it does n't . However , that does seem to be the only cosmological question it does n't answer . What it does answer though , are some very good questions . Is the universe eternal ? Nope , it had a definite beginning . Thank you science ( with kudos to Dr. Hubble ) for catching up to speed on this one . Is the universe self - created ? Nope , it had a Creator , namely , the one and only God . Not Vishnu , or some cosmic egg , and certainly not a product of its own design . Do I care on what date God created the heavens and the earth ? Not in the least , I 'm just glad he did . Is it possible for YEC 's and OEC 's to be irenic toward each other , rather than polemical ? That may be a harder question to answer than the age of the earth . Thanks for the great article J.W. I probably favor the Young Earth Creationist position ( I 'm not necessarily \" locked \" there ) , but you have some really good counter arguments that make me think and I appreciate that . However , maybe I missed it , but I did n't see you address the issue of Exodus 20:8 - 11 : . \" Remember the Sabbath day by keeping it holy . Six days you shall labor and do all your work , but the seventh day is a Sabbath to the LORD your God . On it you shall not do any work , neither you , nor your son or daughter , nor your manservant or maidservant , nor your animals , nor the alien within your gates . For in six days the LORD made the heavens and the earth , the sea , and all that is in them , but he rested on the seventh day . Therefore the LORD blessed the Sabbath day and made it holy . What are your thoughts on this passage ? It seems that it is relating our \" normal \" week ( which is seven 24-hour days ) to the creation week . If it 's ok , I 'd like to chime in here with a related question for you , Galatians2v20 . There are two references in Scripture to six days . You gave one , the other is Exodus 31:17 : . \" It is a sign forever between me and the people of Israel that in six days the LORD made heaven and earth , and on the seventh day he rested and was refreshed . \" Why not look at both of them to determine what is meant ? The latter passage is clearly an anthropomorphism , and makes a figurative interpretation of Genesis very reasonable . Exodus 20:8 - 11 is not conclusive - the word used for rest there can mean either only \" cease \" or \" cease and get one 's energy back \" . The former would indicate that Genesis should be taken literally , the latter would open the door to figurative . Given Ex . 31:17 , it would seem that the latter is the correct interpretation , but the \" cease \" interpretation is generally used , and Ex 31:17 is ignored . So my question is : What is your interpretation of Ex 31:17 , and why do n't you use both verses to give perspective on Genesis ? It 's really stretching it to suggest that because being refreshed is anthropomorphic that everything else in the passage must be too or opens the door to a figurative interpretation . Do you apply that hermeneutic consistently to the many other anthropomorphic passages in Scripture ? I doubt it and to do so would be silly . God being refreshed is anthropomorphic . But you 'd have to be pretty desperate to use that as a basis for treating other elements in the passage as the grounds for a figurative interpretation . I was not aware of that verse , thanks for pointing it out . I really do want to be open minded about this issue and I want to interpret the scriptures correctly . I was looking at that verse you sited and yes , as a stand alone verse , it sounds compelling . But in the words of Greg Koukl , \" never read a Bible verse \" . So , I looked at the whole paragraph and I read it as saying the same thing that the Exodus 20:8 - 11 passage does . Here it is : . The Sabbath 12 Then the LORD said to Moses , 13 \" Say to the Israelites , ' You must observe my Sabbaths . This will be a sign between me and you for the generations to come , so you may know that I am the LORD , who makes you holy . 14 \" ' Observe the Sabbath , because it is holy to you . Anyone who desecrates it must be put to death ; whoever does any work on that day must be cut off from his people . 15 For six days , work is to be done , but the seventh day is a Sabbath of rest , holy to the LORD . Whoever does any work on the Sabbath day must be put to death . 16 The Israelites are to observe the Sabbath , celebrating it for the generations to come as a lasting covenant . 17 It will be a sign between me and the Israelites forever , for in six days the LORD made the heavens and the earth , and on the seventh day he abstained from work and rested . ' \" 18 When the LORD finished speaking to Moses on Mount Sinai , he gave him the two tablets of the Testimony , the tablets of stone inscribed by the finger of God . Again , in verse 15 He is referring to our work week , then using the same words in verse 17 , He is talking about the time when He made the heavens and the earth . So , I do n't think that having read this new passage from Exodus 31 it changes my original question - that still remains . Janitor , most other anthropomorphic passages are describing something about God directly , not reinterpreting another passage . So I would not apply the same reasoning in those cases . It 's important to keep the context in mind : the initial Genesis passages are describing something that , because there was no human witness , must have been revealed prophetically . That does open the door to a figurative interpretation , since all other prophetically revelations of grand events are figurative ( see esp Numbers 12:6 - 8 ) . So when another passage references the revelation and interprets it figuratively , it 's reasonable to consider that possibility for the rest of the revelation . To ignore that special aspect of the creation account and simply insist on a desired interpretation is eisegesis . I agree that context is important , which is why I believe the revelatory nature of the creation narrative has to be taken into account ( see above ) . While that does n't prove anything on its own , ignoring it entirely is a mistake . Regarding the work week , the fact that the application of the narrative manifests in natural terms , does n't mean that the source principle ca n't be a figuratively expressed spiritual principle . Although our natural minds struggle with spiritual truths , especially when expressed figuratively ( eg see Eze . 20:45 - 49 , John 16:29 , 1 Cor . 2:12 - 16 ) , I believe that they are actually MORE real and profound than natural historical narrative . The latter is only of this temporary world of shadows , rather than the eternal world of substance . They simply refer back to an earlier event . I 'm not sure what you mean by \" must have been revealed prophetically \" or why you think the fact that a human did n't witness the event means it is somehow special . I do n't agree that every other \" prophetic revelations of grand events \" are figurative . In fact , this looks like an ad hoc category you 've constructed with a sweeping claim . Can you back it up ? Actually , if that 's the route you want to go , Numbers 12:6 - 8 undercuts your argument . God says he speaks with Moses \" mouth to mouth , clearly , and not in riddles , \" . Who did God reveal the creation event to ? Moses . Ergo , even if you want to give some ad hoc special hermeneutic to \" prophetic revelation of grand events \" God says his revelation to Moses was clear and not in riddles . You have n't established the reasonability of the principle you 're trying to push . You 're also stating the case inaccurately in way that attempts to favor your ad hoc principle . What passage interprets \" the revelation \" figuratively ? So far you have n't established any . Exodus 31:17 only gives us a reason to think the word \" refreshed \" is being used figuratively . So what you 're trying to say is that if any element in an event is figurative this makes it reasonable to treat not only everything else in the event figuratively but all other records of the event figuratively as well . Seriously ? Please give me an argument for that hermeneutic and do n't just assert it . On the contrary , you seem to be the one who 's not arguing in good faith here . You 've come up with ad hoc reasons to try and say there is something special about the creation account that gives us grounds for treating it figuratively . What are those reasons : ( 1 ) That an event was n't witnessed by a human ? How in the world does that have a bearing on our interpretation of a passage ? ( 2 ) That you assert , but do n't argue , that every other grand event not witnessed by a human is figurative ? Sorry , but you still need an argument specific to this case too . ( 3 ) That you assert , but do n't argue , that if one element in an event is figurative that this opens the door to treating everything figuratively ? I asked you if this is how you treat every other figurative element in the Bible . In reply , apparently , you want to prop up this point by jumbling it with other points . As though throwing three ungrounded points together somehow grounds them . You later say to Galatians2v20 that \" While that does n't prove anything on its own , ignoring it entirely is a mistake . But you have n't shown how the \" revelatory nature \" of the creation event is significant for a figurative reading of the event . All of Scripture is revelatory . Is that significant for a figurative re - reading of all of Scripture ? There are some arguments for a non - YEC reading of the text that I find reasonable , though not entirely compelling . But there are many that cause me to think the persons making the argument are n't being honest , either with themselves or with their audience . Maybe they are self - deceived in these cases . In the past I 've admitted this myself with respect to the YEC reading when it comes to the 7th day argument for OEC and in many scientific cases . Since then , I 've heard a reasonable YEC response to the 7th day argument . But many scientific arguments still seem to me to favor OEC . Now maybe there is a great non - YEC response to the Exodus passage in question . I 'm open to hearing one , truly . For instance , I think Grudem gives a good reading of Genesis 1:16 that allows this passage to not be a problem passage for OEC . I 'm not a Ken Ham YEC that thinks the integrity of Scripture rests upon a YEC reading of Genesis . I have no emotional , intellectual , or moral investment in this issue beyond the bad faith arguments of those involved . They simply refer back to an earlier event . The description of God 's rest in Genesis and Exodus 20:11 , leave open several possibilities for interpretation : that He simply ceased His creative activity , or that He rested and got His energy back . Exodus 31:17 makes it clear which was going on . So perhaps \" reinterpretation \" was not the best word choice . The point , however , is that Exodus 31:17 is referring to another passage . In that reference , it asserts an interpretation that can not be literal : the anthropomorphic picture of God being refreshed . Most of Scripture contains human elements such as personal observations , etc , although of course , the development and understanding were shepherded by the Holy Spirit . However , because it could not have been witnessed , the creation narrative had to have been revealed prophetically . There are few other instances in Scripture that could have had no human input . Most of them are predictions of future events - passages into which no human could have input . My assertion is that the creation account should be considered as a prophetic passage because God was the only source . It is a narrative that could have had no human input . A spiritual reason this distinction is significant , and not ad - hoc , is how it relates to the concept of personal witness . Throughout Scripture , the people of God are called to proclaim Him , especially from personal experiences of Him . ( I 'm stating this without support because I believe it to be clear in Scripture . If you like , I can provide a variety of Scriptural support . ) Jesus ' statement in Acts 1:8 was not a new idea , but an ancient , foundational one that found new expression in the Resurrection . From this standpoint , those passages of Scripture that are given directly from God , those passages that can not result from human witness , fall into a different category than human - sourced narrative . Perhaps this is a key difference in our viewpoints , and where we have to agree to disagree . Although I pay attention to cultural background , authorial intent , include context in understanding a passage , and other similar hermeneutic elements , my personal perspective also emphasizes spiritual principles perhaps more than is common . As a result , the implication of witness ( or lack thereof ) is as potentially significant to me as a secular element like literary style . In fact , this looks like an ad hoc category you 've constructed with a sweeping claim . Can you back it up ? Building on my discussion above , that the creation narrative is an example of prophetic revelation , then I was comparing it to other similar examples . In this case , the similar cases would be examples of historical narrative that had been prophetically revealed , such as Daniel 's historical prophecies , Ezekiel 's , Revelation , etc . They are highly figurative . So my assertion was that , since prophetically revealed narratives of such sweeping narratives are highly figurative in the rest of Scripture , then it would be most consistent to consider the creation narrative in the same way . God says he speaks with Moses \" mouth to mouth , clearly , and not in riddles , \" . Who did God reveal the creation event to ? Moses . Ergo , even if you want to give some ad hoc special hermeneutic to \" prophetic revelation of grand events \" God says his revelation to Moses was clear and not in riddles . Good point , my assertion that a prophetic revelation implies figurative nature , is more biased towards non - Mosaic prophetic revelation . Although most accept Mosaic authorship , that 's not the same thing as saying it was revealed to Moses , any more than insisting that the other historical elements in Genesis had to have been revealed directly to Moses rather than having an element of human transmission . We simply do n't know for sure . So if the prophetic revelation described above was to anyone else , then I would use the same argument . But of course , it 's very likely that the creation narrative was revealed directly to Moses , and so we should consider that . If one insists on treating the narrative as no different than those provided from human witness , then you 're right . However , as I 've stated , I would treat it as a different case . In fact , creation narratives were common elements in religious frameworks at that time , similar to temples , formal practices , etc . So I would place it in that category , but recognize that Moses was directed by God in these areas . So then , compare it to other similar elements , such as the tabernacle and the Law . Both of those are highly schematic representations of spiritual reality . God did not literally dwell in the tabernacle , but rather it was a place of special manifestation that also reflected elements of His spiritual existence , and served as a rich model for future theological discussions . Similarly , the Law was not the means by which individuals are saved , but rather the shadow of Christ 's work that truly provided salvation . God does not live in a tent either on Earth or in Heaven , the Law does not truly save , and creation did not take exactly six days . Treating that narrative as a schematic representation of spiritual truths is consistent in this manner , and makes it more substantial than mere historical narrative . You 're also stating the case inaccurately ... . Sure , perhaps I overstated the importance of Exodus 31:17 . I 'm really trying to understand the significance of it 's figurative elements to the creation narrative . You 're right , of course , the fact that the creation account contains one figurative element does not prove that the rest of it is figurative . You 've come up with ad hoc reasons to try and say there is ... . My assertion of eisegesis was not an accusation of bad faith arguing , I apologize if it came across as a personal accusation . All of Scripture is revelatory . Is that significant for a figurative re - reading of all of Scripture ? Genesis 1:1 - 2 , in fact , can be equally translated in two ways ; by taking the Hebrew word ' b - reishit ' either as a ' construct ' or in the ' absolute ' . This fact , in itself , renders the possibility of translating the first verse into two strikingly different translations . These two equally valid translations in turn give us two creation accounts and therefore , two beginnings . As such , Genesis 1:1 is an independent absolute creation and Genesis 1:3 - 31 is an account of a dependent later work of re - creation . Pointing out that a word or phrase can be translated in two different ways is not an adequate justification for selecting any translation , per se . For instance , the word \" world \" in John 3:16 can be translated \" adornment \" . So have I proven that a translation of John 3:16 which reads \" For God so loved the adornment ... \" is just as equally valid as \" For God so loved the world ... \" ? Hardly . Every word has a semantic domain and if this is how you want to make your case , you will wreak havoc on all of Scripture if they apply their logic consistently . Other arguments are used to support those readings . Besides , even some OEC offer exegetical arguments for \" b - reishit \" being understood in the traditional sense . Here is what the YEC John Currid has to say about the issue : . - \" A few commentators , both ancient and modern , render the first clause as ' when God began to create ' . This is a translation that is linguistically possible . However , it alters the meaning of the text significantly . Note what happens : ' When God began to create the heavens and the earth , the earth was without form and void ... ' This translation suggests that when God began his creative activity , he started with a pre - existent material . In other words , the physical base of the earth already existed , but it was merely without form and it was empty . Four basic arguments fully support the traditional translation : . Nothing in the text mentions pre - existent matter . The construction , ' In the beginning ' is found in every ancient translation without exception . When God began to create ' is a linguistically possible translation , but it does not reflect or represent common Hebrew usage . The verb ' to create ' ( Hebrew b\u0101r\u0101 ' ) confirms the absolute sense of verse 1 . This last point deserves further consideration . In ancient Hebrew a variety of words expressed the idea of ' making ' or ' forming ' . These words may have either God or mankind as the subject ( e.g. , 3:21 ; Exod . The subject of the verb b\u0101r\u0101 ' , however , is only and always God ; the word is never used of an action of mankind ( in the active Qal stem , as it appears here ) . The reason for this is that man can not create ex nihilo , but only out of a pre - existent matter . The verb b\u0101r\u0101 ' was only used of God because only he could create that way ( see Exod . 34:10 ; Isa . Currid , J. D .. A Study Commentary on Genesis : Genesis 1:1 - 25:18 ( Vol . 1 , pp . 58 - 59 ) . I do n't see where anything you 've said would actually support this assertion . The mere fact that b - reishit has a semantic domain ca n't bear the weight of that assertion . Even if we think Genesis 1:1 should be translated \" When God began to create ... \" this does n't entail that verse 3ff is a \" dependent later work of re - creation . Remington , you are right in stating that \" Every word has a semantic domain and if this is how you want to make your case , you will wreak havoc on all of Scripture if they apply their logic consistently \" . Space here does n't permit me to quote or even to simply enumerate all these theologians or scholars . Anyway , it should be objectively noted that the original unaccented Hebrew word \" b'reshit \" can be accented both as an absolute or as a construct ; therefore , it can be convincingly translated as an \" absolute \" as well as a \" construct \" . This should logically lead us to conclude that Genesis 1:1 can be translated equally as an independent creation or as a dependent re - creation . We have today both types of translations in spite of the fact that the original Hebrew unaccented \" b'reshit \" has been accented by the Masoretes only as a \" construct \" . This is rather strange , seeing that violence is somehow done to the Masoretic text in translating it in the absolute ! My point is : seeing that the original inspired Biblical Hebrew was unaccented , it is left open to us to mark b'reshit with accents or vowels both as a construct or as an absolute . Which means , the original unaccented \" b'reshit \" in Genesis 1:1 should be first accented as an \" absolute \" and , therefore , Genesis 1:1 next be theologically and grammatically translated as : \" In the beginning God created the heavens and earth \" . Period . End of the story . Next , Genesis 1:2 can not be a work of original perfet creation for several reasons . Undoubtedly , it is an outcome of judgment , whether one agrees with me or not . The Bible is very clear about it , notwithstanding our creation bias or prejudice . Subsequently , Genesis 1:3 - 31 is an account of a later restorative work , again for several biblically - based relevant reasons . Space here , again , does n't permit me to elaborate on the same . Thanks ! I disagree that Genesis 1:1 is acknowledged to be the most difficult verse in the entire Bible to translate . Or that this is the only word disputed by both Jewish and Christian scholars . I 've heard people claim that 1 Sam 13:1 , 1 Peter 3:20 , Song of Solomon 6:12 , etc . I 've never heard anyone claim Genesis 1:1 is the most difficult . Waltke and Walton both go with a traditional translation as the preferable one , but view the statement as a summary . Sarna is the only one who renders it \" When ... \" and both of the arguments used to support that translation are answered by the other commentators . You do mention the word being unaccented , which I do not follow . Anyway , you seem to be promoting gap theory ( or something like it ) . I took a look at your webpage . Five spinning Stars of David are a little off - putting . Remington , I am not an expert in Biblical Hebrew but am just a lay Christian with no theological laurels to my credit ; so , I depend on what Biblical Hebrew Scholars and Theologians have to state about Genesis 1:1 . Of course , I do prayerfully depend on the Holy Spirit 's gift of discernment to help me arrive at a proper understanding and draw my conclusions . Now , when the Scholars differ , what am I supposed to do ? And , the scholars do differ significantly . To a large extent , the difference in opinions betrays one 's peculiar denominational biased thinking . So , am wary . I am reminded of the Dark Middle Ages as some among us vociferously want to hang on to traditional thinking no matter how deeply it contradicts the plain biblical teaching . You 've stated that you disagree that \" Genesis 1:1 is acknowledged to be the most difficult verse in the entire Bible to translate . Or that this ( B'reshit ) is the only word disputed by both Jewish and Christian scholars \" . I 've concluded as such after seeing that both Hebrew and Christian scholars stating as such . htm]. No wonder , M. W. J. Phelan states \" The interpretation of Genesis 1:1 - 2 has taxed the minds of exegetes for many years \" . And , you can be sure that even now it continues to tax the minds of the exegetes and translators .... . So , what should I do ? To add to my pain , I am told that \" Translation renders the opening verses of Genesis 1 deceptively clear and straightforward . This passage , however , contains a number of words and phrases that are used rarely , if at all , in other parts of the Hebrew Bible , making them more difficult to define with the kind of precision that we might like . Translations smooth out the rough edges of this ancient text , implying a level of understanding that we ca n't quite claim . Finally , \" - bereshit is more than a distant big bang , and more than a distant act of speech . So , \" How do we understand , then , the first three words of the Hebrew Bible ? Why does the Bible begin with a phrase that is such an untranslatable , ungrammatical mess ? Obviously , it is not just a \" mistake . \" And thus the debate continues , for good , I presume ! Conclusively , \" The first verse of the Bible is so dear to every believer that it can be recited from memory by almost all . \" In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth . \" This simple rendition of the Hebrew tells us about the beginning of all things by the creative act of Almighty God . But what appears so simple on the surface often hides a complexity of difficulties underneath . Such is no exception in the case of Genesis 1:1 . Am I promoting the \" Gap Theory \" ? No , not exactly ; but I 've stubbornly gone beyond that ; am confidently promoting \" Biblical Gap Theology \" . By the way , God making it possible , am now planning to get my next book titled \" Pre - Historical Pre - Adamic Biblical Theology \" soon published . Thanks ! Yes , but if we make our pool of scholars large enough , we can find the same varied opinions on most verses in the Bible . But this is not our usual method , at least it is not our stopping point for deciding the meaning of a passage . For instance , one does not take a liberal commentary from the Anchor series and compare some passage in that with what a conservative might say in NICOT and then conclude that the passage is hopelessly difficult due to the wide variance in interpretation . One must also read the arguments given in support of their reading . For instance , Sarna provides two reason for his translation of Genesis 1:1 ... but it 's not hard to find answers to those arguments ( and Sarna himself admits the absolute clause is a valid rendering ) . Remington , thanks for your inputs ; am motivated to think and rethink , and grow in understanding ! At the moment my focus is to come to a proper understanding of the original inspired unaccented \u05d1\u05e8\u05d0\u05e9\u05d9\u05ea . The Masoretes by adding underneath the \" bet \" the vowel or accent ' shiva ' changed it into a construct \u05d1\u05b0\u05bc\u05e8\u05b5\u05d0\u05e9\u05b4\u05c1\u05d9\u05ea . Accordingly , the recent alternative translations of Genesis 1:1 depicting it as a relative dependent clause . If thus translated , we can presume that Genesis 1 is an account of a recent creation ( creation materia ) . Accordingly , \" Nahum Sarna 's recent controversial translation , adopted by the Jewish Publication Society , : \" When God began to create heaven and earth .... , \" ) makes a lot of biblical sense along with similar translations by others . However , by adding the vowel qamatz underneath ' bet ' , we get the absolute \u05d1\u05b8\u05bc\u05e8\u05b5\u05d0\u05e9\u05b4\u05c1\u05d9\u05ea ; and thus Genesis 1:1 stands as a creation account of an independent absolute distant creation ( creation ex - nihilo ) in the eternity past . Only on this basis , could Sarna himself \" admit the absolute clause as a valid rendering \" I presume , in addition to keeping in mind the theological reasons for the same ) . Subsequently , we can conclude that what follows Genesis 1:1 , is an account of the dependent creation materia ( Genesis 1:3 - 31 ) , beginning with the creation / appearance of light on the first day . Accordingly , we have two beginnings ; i. e. 1 ) Genesis 1:1 in the eternity past and 2 ) Genesis 1:3 - 31 in the realm of time . This is next corroborated by Genesis 2:4a , relating to the [ two ] ' generations ' of heavens and earth . 2 Peter 3:5b ) and the creation materia ( Genesis 1:3 - 31 , the creation of heavens as in Gen. 1:8 and of the earth as in Gen. 1:10 that are now , cp . 2 Peter 3:7 and spoken of in Exodus 20:11 ) . As such , biblical - ly speaking , the heavens and earth in Exodus 20:11 should actually refer to the heavens and earth made during the six days i. e. the heavens on the 2nd day and the earth on the 3rd day . In no way , these refer to the primeval heavens and earth of Genesis 1:1 as is wrongly assumed by the Traditional and the recent Young Earth Creationists . Finally , notwithstanding the prevailing beliefs or assumptions , Genesis 1:2 can not be a work of direct original perfect creation in Genesis 1:1 . Hence , we can confidently conclude and firmly believe with biblical support in the existence of pre - historical pre - Adamic life on the primeval earth in Genesis 1:1 ( cp . Proverbs 8:22 - 31 ) as having theological relevance and implications . Unless , of course , we allow our bias to block us from believing as such ! Archives . "}
{"url": "http://www.ajaonline.org/forum-article/206", "s3": "s3://aws-publicdatasets/common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2016-07/segments/1454701148558.5/warc/CC-MAIN-20160205193908-00320-ip-10-236-182-209.ec2.internal.warc.gz", "text": "Search : . Archives . --Select a Category-- Academia ALSC Announcement BOOK EVENTS What 's Liberal ? Sunday , June 04 , 2006 . Why are the greatest composers all German ? [ Note : I wrote this a while ago , and toyed with the notion of posting it when I was first invited by John H. to become a guest author . I did n't because the last Moretti book post rendered it , I thought , redundant . But looking at it again I 'm thinking perhaps I was too hasty . But just because it 's not as well - thought - through or as , er , good as Moretti 's work does n't mean that it might n't bear a day or two in the light of the Valve . ] I 'm talking about classical music of course , and I can start with polemical oversimplification , as follows : almost all the greatest composers were from a small area in northern Europe , and all were working within a relatively short period of time . Bach , Mozart , Beethoven , Schubert , Mahler , Mendelssohn , Richard Strauss , Wagner ... all of them were German . Some notable other figures ( Smetana , Holst , Rachmaninov , Prokofiev , Grieg ) came from territories proximate geographically and culturally to Germany . All these figures composed during a narrow historical timeframe from the end of the eighteenth - century to the end of the nineteenth . So this is my question , boiled down to its essentials : why is it that all the great classical composers are German , working within a tightly - defined period of a handful of decades of one another ? Thousands of years of human musical creativity has resulted in an enormous body of work , from every culture . Why should this corpus be so dominated by a small group of late - eighteenth and early - nineteenth - century Germans ? There are a number of possible answers to this question . Related to this is the argument that ' there is just something musical about Germans ' . During the nineteenth - century , whilst Germany was producing Bach , Mozart , Beethoven and all the rest , England was producing ... well , nobody at all . Why so many great composers from one nation , and none at all from another nation , particularly when we consider that England is proximate to Germany , both geographically and culturally ? Is this the answer ? Of course not . Such arguments are easily refutable : essentialism of this sort is merely another name for racism . I 'm not actually that interested in the supposed German dominance of the classical music canon ; I 'm interested in art more generally conceived . I would argue that similar phenomena are evident in all forms of art . Human artistic achievement repeats this pattern : a long period of low - level achievement , then a short period of inspired production of marvellous art by a small group of exceptional creators ; then another long period of low - level production overshadowed by the canon of works by this earlier group . Let me call this phenomenon golden - age clumping ; an uneuphonious phrase by which I mean that separate discourses of artistic productivity are almost always dominated by a \" golden age \" , a small cadre of artists working in close proximity to one another . These poets , dramatists , philosophers and historians , overshadowed Western culture for two millennia . It is not that nobody else was writing between the 5th century and the Renaissance . On the contrary , each generation produced myriad scribblers and thinkers , aspirants to the golden - age mantle . They just were n't as good as the golden names of Periclean Athens . Great poets have come and gone all over the world , of course ; but this list represents some of the most influential and dominant grouping in the history of world poetry . Why should this be ? Moreover the enduring success of the second group is grounded in the fact that they invented a new way of doing painting , and so created a body of work distinct from the Renaissance masters . What does this tell us ? And what about fiction ? Two hundred thousand new novels are printed every year . Many of them are good . To revisit the question of music . At the beginning of the nineteenth - century the Germans produced the world - shaping musicians and composers and the English had not . But during a brief period from the 1960s to the 1980s it was English music that shaped a new popular genre : the Beatles , the Rolling Stones , the Who , Pink Floyd , the punk groups , The Jam , the Smiths . No German groups from this period are remembered today . This is because there just are n't German groups of equivalent stature from this period ( the only exception I can think of is Kraftwerk ) . It 's not that Germany lacked a culture of popular music ( all that Krautrock , Faust , Can , Neu ! and so on , much of it really good . But none of it achieved the cultural saturation or musical dominance of the Beatles or the Stones , of punk or the Smiths . Is n't that a strange reflection on the land that produced Bach , Mozart and Beethoven ? Of course , it 's not that the above list of English popsters expresses a narrowly national dominance ; that belongs , more fully , to North American musicians ( Elvis ; Dylan ; Beach Boys ; Motown ; Stevie Wonder ; Jimi Hendrix ) . But I 'd still insist that a relatively short period , and two adjacent cultures , account for pretty much the whole of the popular music that matters . Alas , this golden age of music is probably over now : popular music as a genre continues to throw up a bewildering array of bands , but most of these are simply rehearsing the successes of this small group of antecedent geniuses . My prediction : people interested in Pop for the next few centuries will still tend to fall back on the giants of the 1960s and 1970s US - UK scene . Why should this be ? But this is not what we find . Why not ? We might be tempted to address this question from aesthetic , cultural or ideological grounds , but I want to suggest thinking it through Darwin . Let 's think of ' texts ' ( books , poems , works of music , paintings or whatever ) less as human artefacts , and more as agents in a cultural environment governed by Darwinian laws . The Darwinian dynamic is observed in any complex interacting system where there is ( a ) a mechanism for change or mutation by which new forms of organization may differ from older ones , and ( b ) an environment that rewards some mutations rather than others . The classic Darwinian paradigm is material and botano - biological , where the mechanism for change is random variation in heredity , and the environment the diverse and often crowded ( and therefore competitive ) landscapes of our planet . But there are other arena in which Darwinian thinking can be applied . Naturally we need to be careful when doing this . Some attempts to apply a Darwinian paradigm to non - biological fields result in pernicious discourses : the ' Social Darwinism ' of far right political groups , for instance , is noisome , and moreover based on a misunderstanding of Darwin 's ideas . I 've also little time for the Dawkins school of ' memes ' , ideas , concepts and beliefs that ' infect ' human minds , such that ' religion ' is thought of existing in a quasi - living manner like a virus , and subject to Darwinian constraints . I do n't think I 'm talking about memes . Think instead of texts as animals , he says , living in an environment of readers , viewers and listeners . These texts compete with one another not for food and sexual partners , but for our attention . In this environment , the most successful pieces of music ( for example ) will win many listeners , and those listeners will ' keep the music alive ' by playing it , buying copies of it , re - recording and replicating it . It is as simple as that . Mozart 's music has prospered because it is best ' fitted ' to its particular environment ( us , or more specifically our taste in music ) . Salieri 's music failed because it was less well fitted . It is not that Salieri 's music is in any sense intrinsically ' worse ' than Mozart 's , any more than a dodo was intrinsically worse than a seagull . It is simply that one was adapted to its environment better than the other . Texts have several strategies for snagging our attention , or more forcefully for cultivating our love . As with types of organism in the real world , most books will fall by the wayside ; but some ' stronger ' ' fitter ' books will succeed . They will ' breed ' in the sense that many copies of them will be made , and they will disseminate themselves all around the world . They succeed in avoiding death , just as does our DNA if we breed successfully . In a crucial sense , the Iliad is an immortal animal . Where the botanical and biological worlds are constantly reshaped by the fact that individual organisms die off , opening space for new organisms , the world of texts is dominated by the elite of \" immortal \" texts , crowding out all newcomers . If you write a new play , it must be better than Shakespeare in some evolutionary sense if it is to live on . That 's a tall order . It is this , I think , that explains the relatively denuded textual ecospheres : there are countless thousands of types of insect , but only two dozen or so types of Classical Composer . This may read like a metaphorical description of the environment of reading , but I 'm tempted to ask for it to be taken literally . The world of textual reception is as real a Darwinian environment as any . And I think it does explain the ' golden age ' phenomenon . In the natural world random mutations introduce variations into the gene pool , some beneficial , most neutral or negative . In the world of art we see the same thing . Bach chanced upon techniques of musical composition that made his music ' stronger ' than other composers ' work in a Darwinian sense : more likely to live in people 's hearts , more likely to make people replicate it and continue it . Mozart and Beethoven copied these techniques and improved upon them ( this is the textual equivalent of sexual transmission of favourable genes ) . Their geographical and temporary proximity is just a way of saying ' these people were in the ideal position to come across and assimilate the ideas of these other people ' . Mozart and Beethoven come from the same nation at approximately the same time for the same reason and to the same effect that two people having sex must necessarily be physically proximate . Had earlier composers chanced upon the compositional techniques that Bach did , then they would have colonised the environment created by people 's taste in music . It so happened that they did not ; Bach did . And why has classical music since the nineteenth - century not lived up to the achievement of those composers ? Because there is only a limited pool of favourable new ' techniques ' that can be applied to the business of musical composition ( or , by extension , to the writing of poetry , the painting of pictures , or to any discrete artistic genre ) . It wo n't be long before these favourable techniques are all ' used up ' , and the golden age ends . Later texts will be mere imitations of golden age originals , and these of course are much less ' strong ' in the Darwinian sense ; why listen to an imitator of Mozart when you can listen to Mozart himself ? There are , I should add , many additional unfavourable techniques , strategies which do not endear texts to people ; but these are quickly ' bred out ' by people 's uninterest . In Darwinist terms , texts can be thought of as occupying certain ' niches ' . Most of these are crowded , and competition is fierce : if you compose a classical symphony today , it will have to have more ' appeal ' than Bach - Mozart - Beethoven - etc if you want it to survive and prosper . Not something easily done . Some niches are relatively uncolonised ( aspects of the contemporary avant - garde , for instance ) ; but as in Nature , their relative emptiness is usually a function of the fact that they are much less fertile environments in the first place . When a composer chances upon new favourable techniques , then , it is not surprising that these techniques are rapidly seized upon by proximate composers . In a short space of time , anything from a few decades to a century or more ( depending on the complexity of the art ) , all the variations of these favourable new techniques will have been embodied in actual texts . These texts will be ' strong ' in the Darwinian sense , and will tend to crowd out other less well - fitted or merely derivative texts . There is , as it were , no time to lose : when a new favourable but improvable technique is chanced upon , you 'd better hurry to imitate and improve it , if you want your text to become immortal . Otherwise somebody else will , and the niche will fill up , crowding you and your text out . In other words , Bach - Mozart - Beethoven et al simply happened to be the ones who used up all the new ways of composing . Composers that merely copied these new techniques doomed their texts to being outcompeted by the stronger pre - existing originals . The only alternative for composers was to introduce new techniques so radically different that they changed the ' environment ' altogether - for instance , writing pop instead of classical , and so appealing to a whole new audience . An author writing a book is like a turtle giving birth to a baby ; the baby will carry certain changes in its genetic code that ( hopefully ) will fit it to its environment , enabling it to prosper . The book ( hopefully ) will be different enough to other books to attract readers , whilst still giving readers ' what they want ' . Schools and universities , by compelling students to read books that would otherwise pass into desuetude ( for who reads Milton for pleasure nowadays ? ) are like farms and zoos , preserving animals that would otherwise certainly die out . I look back on what I 've written , and I can see problems . It might be objected that the phenomenon of ' golden age ' clumps is n't true in the first place ; perhaps it 's a sort of cultural optical illusion , or perhaps I 've just selectively forced the data to suggest groupings that do n't actually exist . But on the offchance that you happen to agree that there are such clumps , I wonder how you 'd explain their existence ? Just wondering . Comments . Well , we only have a record of about 500 - 600 years of music , so forget the \" thousands of years \" . My take is that the German domination began about 1700 and lasted until the death of Beethoven in 1827 . Before that time Burgundian , Italian , French and even English composers matched or surpassed the Germans . But few listen to music from before 1700 . ( So the window is now 300 years ) . In Germany music became a central part of the religion and was well funded , and the audience participated . It likewise became central to the educational system as it was n't elsewhere , so the general level of musical literacy and competence was very high . Secular princes funded music for prestige and also because they enjoyed it , and the bourgeoisie likewise spent money on music when they became a factor . ( Bach through Beethoven mark a social trend from patronage to work for the market . ) In short , during all that period Germany dedicated itself diligently to music in a way other countries did n't . Why England was so weak I do n't know . Probably just weaknesses where Germany had strengths - Calvinists were anti - musical , though they were n't a majority . After Beethoven 's death music went into a slump , and Germany became much less dominant . Composers had a choice between trying to match or surpass Beethoven , which only a few were able to even coming plausibly close to doing , or else find something new . During most of the century the new things seemed lesser - program music , for example , or tone poems , or salon music for piano and piano and voice . wagner was a s major as Beethoven , and he too had a suffocating effect . There were Wagnerians everywhere , but there was no \" beyond \" to what he did . He finished the job . The first musicians to escape ( very deliberately ) from the German style were Satie and Mussorgsky . Both were self taught and not very prolific . Both broke all the rules , but their music is completely listenable today and I have trouble convincing people , even musicians , that Mussorgsky was NOT a generic XIXc romantic . The lay audience responded well to Mussorgsky 's works , but the professionals , almost without a single exception even among his personal friends , always criticized his \" amateurism \" and \" mistakes \" and sometimes condemned his work entirely . Even Shostakovich around 1930 corrected Mussorgsky 's work ( on German academic principles ) when he orchestrated it . ( Only around 1950 did uncorrected versions become the norm ) . But my opinion is that , except for aspects of the orchestration , all of Mussorgsky 's mistakes were not only deliberate but also musically valid ( as were Satie 's ) . Not long after Mussorgsky 's death , Debussy , Ravel ( both consciously anti - German ) , and finally Stravinsky had picked up his innovations and developed them further , thus remaking music on non - German principles . ( Even Bartok was vocally anti - German , though me was much closer to the German style and temperament than the others ) . Schoenberg counterattacked , and his people came to dominate the universities , but no one listens to that shit . So anyway , I question part of your premise . German domination lasted a century and a quarter , with a fifty year period of decadent hegemony . On the other hand , I have accepted the \" exhaustion \" thesis . Is the Darwinian explanation really that helpful here ? I think that the major flaw is the following assumption : . These texts compete with one another not for food and sexual partners , but for our attention . If ( say ) a Mahler symphony is \" great \" in a way that Bizet 's Carmen is not , the reason is not that listeners have kept one alive and not the other . The explanation I 've heard of why music from German - speaking ( Deutschophone ? ) countries is now our Great music is that music history and the canon were written by German authors . You picked England as a complementary example to Germany and Austria , but a more interesting case would be France - which did have a strong and continuous musical tradition at the same time as Germany , albeit with different values . But German writers decided that the German - derived values about harmony and structure were the yardstick by which to measure serious music , and compiled their canons accordingly . And when the English and American music academies established themselves along German lines , then the ideas appear to become universal . \" Cultural optical illusion , \" maybe . So ... maybe artificial , rather than natural selection ? Classical music as pigeon fancying ? This is interesting , though I think , ultimately , rather incomplete . Also , after you say \" I do n't think I 'm talking about memes , \" you write several paragraphs that could have been taken out of a book on memes . Still , I think you 're right . Darwinian , or better put , evolutionary processes analogous to those in biology are at play in cultural evolution . But they 're not all that 's at play . It 's not simply that certain writers / composers / painters manage to capture some Platonic ( or quasi - Platonic ) form that exists somewhere in the structure of our brains ( or in the state - space of creations allowed by that structure ) . Sure , the fit of culture to the brain is one important dimension , but it 's far from the only one . And really , the interaction is far from unidirectional , or eternal . To illustrate part of what I mean , imagine if there were a variant of the Bach - Mozart - Beethoven musical genus that , until the year 2006 , had not been produced . In 2006 , a young composer writes it . Will it last like the pieces of that genus from the 18th and 19th centuries ? I 'd bet that it would n't , not because it is not as good as those works ( even within the framework of that genus ) , but because culture has moved on . As it 's moved on , the state space of possible \" eternal art \" has been changed , in large part by the works of arts and the rest of culture being produced . Mozart is still very adaptive , but only as Mozart . Someone today writing Mozart - quality music of the 18th century German genus might get rave reviews and be played all over the classical music scene , but would essentially die out in a few years . It would have nothing like the impact that Handel , Mozart , Bach , Beethoven , and the like had , because the time for that genus to take its hold is over . Perhaps , then , one of the reasons that regional and temporal constraints are at play , in addition to the nature of cultural transmission that you discuss in your sexual reproduction analogy , is that as works are being produced , what is \" adaptive \" is changing . Adding this doens't give the complete picture , either , but I think it 's an equally important part . A lot of broad interest in this post . Just a couple quick thoughts . There certainly are \" such clumps , \" in part as you describe them , and much though not all explanation for them can be found in the social conditions that provide fertile or barren ground for various types of art . Oftentimes various social forces - say corporate or financial or religious , etc - drive out or engender certain types of art and not others so that it can be partly misleading to say : . \" There are , I should add , many additional unfavourable techniques , strategies [ and , we might add , topics and content and purposes ] which do not endear texts to people ; but these are quickly ' bred out ' by people 's uninterest . \" This is surely true within eras and realms , as well as across them . Many have discussed this , Upton Sinclair notably in his book Money Writes ( 1927 ) and Mammonart ( 1925 ) and V.F. Calverton in The Newer Spirit : A Sociological Criticism of Literature ( 1925 ) , and elsewhere . This is n't necessarily true : . Otherwise somebody else will , and the niche will fill up , crowding you and your text out . \" For example , consider the recurrence and canonization of more - or - less utopian tales and social satires over the millenia . Sure , specific eras and realms may produce specific types of great long fictions that may or may not recur . I think the evolutionary approach causes problems : The thing is , the author is vital to a text 's reception . The reason is the same as the one that made thousands of little bobbysoxers , who would n't listen to Howlin ' Wolf if you made them , hummed themselves to sleep at night with the harmonica line to \" Eight Days a Week . \" Features of the author , from traditional critical bugaboos like race , gender ( would George Eliot 's fiction been so successful if they were \" authored \" by a \" Mary Ann \" ? ) , ethnicity , to less traditional ones , like prior fame ( Hamlet would have only served to boot Shakespeare off the stage if it was his first outing ) have too profound effects on the ultimate strength of the text for evolutionary theory to apply . Evolution does n't care who your daddy was ; readers , and listeners , do . Otherwise somebody else will , and the niche will fill up , crowding you and your text out . \" Of course , I considered matters as they extend beyond a person 's lifetime , but the same holds within a person 's lifetime . Sure , in some ways at least , some of the great achievements do break type of much or anything that has come before . But as shown by the history of the novel , let alone the history of sweeping long ( call it \" epic \" ) fiction , it need not be the case . See this is , it seems to me , an interesting case - in - point . The high status of these plays meant that they were very often imitated . Take two such imitations ( both by significant and talented writers ) : Matthew Arnold 's quasi - Sophoclean Merope and Shelley 's Prometheus Bound . The first of these is an English - language experiment in writing an Attic tragedy that sticks closely to the original form of that sort of play . It reads very much as if an Attic tragedian had come to life in the mid nineteenth - century with the ability to write in English . The second takes the general idiom of Aeschylean drama to write an extraordinary , marvellous and thoroughly un - Greek rhapsodic meditation on subjectivity , suffering , mass political action and utopia . My point is that Merope , which is ( as it happens ) by no means a bad piece of writing , is wholly forgotten today . And why should it be remembered ? Putting it crudely , why should anybody bother with a C19th - century Sophoclean play when there are lots of actual Sophoclean plays already in the canon ? ( I know Arnold based Merope on a Euripidean topic , but its execution is thoroughly Sophoclean ) . Shelley 's drama is still ' alive ' in some sense not because it takes the form of Aeschylus , but actually very precisely because it does n't , it creates something new , something startling and wholly original . The same could be said of all the works you mention . It 's not that they 're necessarily terrible books , just that there 's no need to read them when we have the Tolkienian original . Or to put it in the terms of the post , Tolkien has already colonised this particular textual - ecological niche , . Thinking on it ( from an amateur point of view ) , the likely reason for Germany 's dominance in Classical composition , especially over England in the given time period , was economic . A large , stable elite with relatively stable aesthic tastes ( more on that later ) was needed as the primary consumer , and underwriter of texts . Germany had this . By the early eighteenth century , the upheaval caused by the Reformation had largely subsided , and courts that would be Protestant , or would be Catholic , already were . By and large , the land that is now Germany 's elite weath was largely preindustrial , agriculture - based , and in the hand of those at Court , a fact that , even through centralization and nationalization of government , did not change until WWI decimated that system . This was the perfect support system for Classical music . You could move to Leipzig , hold concertos in a salon , and never be forced to move , or adjust to the tastes of a new master ( your audience was of one ) . Your fame could grow , and your music flower , as you dig in roots . In England , on the other hand , the middle class was growing . Wealth was moving from the landed elite to bankers and Merchants . Novels were being written , and not for the elite : they were n't addressed by Pope in any of his essays . Moll Flanders was about a woman of lace , but nobody would mistake her for a queen . In the early eighteenth century , parts of the country still harbored antipathies toward any non - religious art at all , a remnant of the Puritan interregnum . There were also constant Papish / Romish / Catholic Plots that sent this or that Duke or Earl scurrying into exile . There were skirmishes over the royal allowance . At the end of his reign , George III went temporarily insane . Court was an unhealthy place for someone to sit down and write BVWs or Opuses or anything of the like . And Lord knows you ca n't write symphonies unless you 're subsidized past all champagne wishes and caviar dreams , or your name is Ludwig . Ultimately , German Classical music was perfectly situated . It had a parasitical dependency on the rich and powerful for its creation , a dependency , with its requisite proximity , allowed it to gain legitimacy from being heard first by Princes and Emperors . That 's not to say the stuff ai n't damn good , just that it got a lot of help by being born with a silver spoon it its mouth . Me , when I 'm in a contemplative mood , I like to listen to the sweet counterpoint in Contrapunctus IV performed by Gould on organ , followed by the mellow lyricality of Traffic performing the centuries - old English folk song \" John Barleycorn . \" English music was n't unsuccessful at sticking around , it was just bad at doing it the German way . Interesting post , Adam . I 'm generally favorable to this style of speculation and have spent a great deal of time wandering about in this territory . I suspect the \" clumpiness \" of cultural production is real . Historians of jazz have asked why New Orleans seems so pivotal . And the standard answer is that that 's where we get the most intimate and extensive intermingling of European , especially high cultural European , and African musics . New Orleans , for example , had the first opera company in the New World . At the same time , you could go to Congo Square on weekends and hear traditional African music in relatively pure form . The thing is , that 's about all New Orleans did for jazz , gave it birth . Further developments happend elsewhere , Chicago , New York . That 's another story . Getting back to your question about Germany and classical music . There 's an aspect to that question you missed . Sure , clumping . But why did that clumping happen in Germany and not elsewhere ? In general , we 're talking about he accidents of history . What accidents annointed Germany ? -though Italy 's done well by opera . Martin Luther thought highly of music , could that be what gave Germany an edge ? I do n't really know . But the question is real . At the moment I 'm much taken by manga and anime , Japanese graphic novels and animated films , respectively . Manga existed from early in the 20th century , but blossomed after WWII to the point where manga constitutes 30 % or so of annual Japanese print production . Why did that happen after WWII ? Beyond this , I 'm wondering whether or not manga and anime will do for the visual culture of this century what African - American music did for the musical culture of the last century . Manga and anime have been spreading out from Japan . While I have a hard time imagining that graphic novels will ever capture 30 % of the print production in the USA , their presence is increasing rapidly . I do n't know what will happen with film . But I ca n't imagine the Matrix flics without the prior existence of the Japanese \" Ghost in the Shell . The same could be said of all the works you mention . Yes , but the exact same thing could be said of many novels within a specific type or genre . Say , mystery . Every great mystery tale \" makes something new , does something original \" . So my broad type is perfectly legitimate and I think useful . What 's an \" early \" great mystery ? Something by Poe ? Something by Dostoevsky ? Something by Conrad ? Something by Roth ? These authors have all written psychological thrillers or mysteries of a sort over centuries . Poe - most anything ; Dostoevsky - Crime and Punishment ; Conrad - The Secret Sharer ; Roth - The Ghostwriter . Over course each work here \" makes something new , does something original \" even though they fall within a rather narrow literary psycho - thriller or mystery genre . Does n't matter how \" tight \" you make the genre , you 're going to see wide variation between the great works - it 's inevitable . If this can be true over 150 years , it seems to me it can be true over 1,500 years - and is - and over 15,000 years as well , should humankind be so fortunate to last . So , I think better examples can be found than those you gave . Take many of the bits and pieces of poetry in The Greek Anthology . Much of it reads absolutely contemporary - someone yesterday could have written it and we would n't know the difference , and some of today 's such poetry would surely be saved to be read 2,000 years from now . Or so it seems to me . Also , I think of The Satyricon , by Petronius , the greatest ancient novel , a small fraction of which remains extant . It seems that some one or a number of exuberant recent - century novels very much like it will be canonized and read as long as there are readers . Wikipedia has some good entries on it : . Written around 60 AD , the tale is a mixture of prose and poetry detailing the misadventures of the narrator , Encolpius , his friend Ascyltus , and Giton , their attendant and love object . It is often regarded as the first example of what was to become the modern novel . The Roman worship of Priapus is the topic of its tales of the orgies and debauchery of Nero 's time , heterosexual , pederastic , and bisexual . Of the work itself there have been preserved 141 sections of a narrative , in the main consecutive , although interrupted by frequent gaps . Speculation as to the size of the original puts it somewhere on the order of a work of thousands of pages , and reference points for length range from Tom Jones to In Search of Lost Time . What has survived at present can be compiled into the length of a longer novella . He is gaudy and fat . He is known for throwing lavish dinner parties , where his numerous servants bring course after course of exotic delicacies , such as live birds sewn up inside a pig and a dish to represent every sign of the zodiac . The Satyricon has a lengthy description of Trimalchio 's proposed tomb , which is incredibly ostentatious and lavish . \" The original title of F. Scott Fitzgerald 's The Great Gatsby was \" Trimalchio in West Egg . \" One of Fitzgerald 's complete earlier drafts of the book was published under the name Trimalchio : An Early Version of The Great Gatsby . \" Some pages and chapters of some novels might as well has been lifted straight out of the Satyricon , they are so close , virtually identical in style and topic . It seems evident to me that this could be done , given the proper convergence of talent , interest , and society . Since what Juvenal describes seems utterly contemporary , I do n't see why it could n't be done . Of course it will be different . Middlemarch is different than Pride and Prejudice , but much more similar than not . So , as I 've noted I think the historical examples exist to show that it has been done , is being done . Of your \" counter - exampling \" of fantasies , who knows , maybe none will be read down the road , or maybe more than one . Personally , I could never get into the Tolkien books , but loved the Shannara books . I hope they last . They would for someone like me , or at least someone like I was years ago . Do n't know what my response would be today . I think too that , to a certain extent , we may simply be focusing on different types and degrees of literary \" technique \" and substance , or have different understandings of these terms . What I 've been speculating about recently is that books become classics because they are necessary for subsequent generations of writers . Popularity in the long run does n't map well with being a best seller in the first years of publication . The books that are useful to writers get reprinted and the new work points backward at the older work . I suspect that some of the survival of music from that period of German history is that it was good to play , so it gets played . For any great period theory , we 've got anomolies and outliers - Chaucer for one . Looks also like the best way to have the very best art is to have a lot of people in the arts with sufficient leisure to practice it well enough to understand when the jobs are particularly well done . The US does n't have thousands of symphony composers . We do have probably hundreds of thousands of garage bands . What I 've been speculating about recently is that books become classics because they are necessary for subsequent generations of writers . Popularity in the long run does n't map well with being a best seller in the first years of publication . The books that are useful to writers get reprinted and the new work points backward at the older work . Very much so , I think , at least in part . Looks also like the best way to have the very best art is to have a lot of people in the arts with sufficient leisure to practice it well enough to understand when the jobs are particularly well done . The US does n't have thousands of symphony composers . We do have probably hundreds of thousands of garage bands . Now we 've got hundreds of thousands of weblogs ( and other websites ) , from which maybe advanced art forms will emerge , or become , if they have n't already . Gould writes somewhere about the problem of the .400 batting average . Surely , one might suppose , baseball players today can not hit like those .400 giants of yesteryear . Gould goes on to extend this argument into the arts . The age of giants is not superior to ours . Giants perhaps speak to a relative lack of competition . More people study and produce \" art music \" today than ever before ( and more people gain the sort of prestige and patronage from others sorts of music that a musician once could only gain through art music ) . As far as predictions about today 's novelists go , I think Rebecca 's comment is true : future generations will determine the writers who live or die from past generations . We 've already seen this as contemporary experimental poets redefine the contours of modernism , so that Williams and Zukofsky become more important than , say , Stevens and Frost . Finally , about Pop : Adam writes , \" My prediction : people interested in Pop for the next few centuries will still tend to fall back on the giants of the 1960s and 1970s US - UK scene . But of course , this is already untrue , and has been so since the mid 70s . Punk , Post - Punk and New Wave themselves would n't exist without Krautrock and , in cases like Talking Heads , Devo , a lot of the No Wave scene , Adam Ant , and many others , Afro - Pop and Latin American Pop . There 's no \" golden age \" of Anglo - American dominance in music from the 60s and 70s . Rock starts with Sun Records in the 50s , which is a gradual outgrowth of urban electric blues and country . Today 's music scene does n't look back to 60s-70s US / UK pop rock . The whole \" anti - rockism \" movement today is an attempt to shift attention to other streams of music , streams connecting Tin Pan Alley to Disco to slow jams . The most interesting developments in pop - such as techno and electronic dance musics - grow out of Neu ! and Can and Kraftwerk . Joanna Newsome looks to Texas Gladden . The Fiery Furnaces and the White Stripes look to Skip James and Progressive Era pop . The Double look to Mad Professor . In fact , this is the power of those artists Adam claims will simply die out as copies of the past . Franz Ferdinand might not become huge pop - historical icons , but they will have succeeded in reminding us that UK punk was about more than English bands the Clash and the Jam . ( Just as Bach constantly reminded the world of Purcell 's influence on him . ) Ultimately , I think the appearance of artistic golden ages or ages of giants are more about the construction of canons and cultural memory by subsequent generations ( and by cultural institutions ) . Bach - Mozart - Beethoven dominate today 's live classical scene not because their audiences can recognize their superior artistry , but because their names supply these audiences with the cultural capital the audience wants . Mozart and Beethoven shocked the audiences of their respective days ; they simply reflect the \" good taste \" of today 's audiences . Jazz : jazz came from the whole Mississippi valley . Major figures came from places like Oklahoma City , Kansas City , and even Minneapolis ( Lester Young , moved there from NOLA at age 11 ) . When Charlie Christian reached NYC he 'd fully developed his style in places like Bismarck ND , Deadwood SD , and Wyoming . The point of that is that developing something new might only be possible somewhere away from the center ( also Mussorgsky in Russia ) . Bismarck was low evolutionary pressure , so Christian could experiment and work out the details . NYC was intensely competitive , and since Christian was immediately recognized as a the latest new thing , he could do whatever he wanted to there too . Classical music is a craft which was first perhaps taught informally in an apprenticeship system but quickly ( 1725 , Fux , or before ) was taught through standard textbooks and ultimately in conservatories . The local rules of German music ( common - practice harmony and the rules of voice leading ) came to be understood as \" the laws of music . \" Almost everything in the XIXc was done within these rules ( with a lot of hoopla whenever anyone bent them slightly ) until Musorgsky and Satie just forgot about them . Max Weber wrote a peculiar book called \" The Rational and Social Foundations of Music \" , based in part on Helmholtz 's acoustics . For him classical music , like everything else in Western Europe , was an apotheosis of instrumental rationality . But they do dominate it , and whilst the cultural capital is part of the answer I do n't see how it particularly adheres to these two . ( Since self - conscious elitism is part of the cultural capital accumulation , would n't it be better serviced by more elite , more obscure figures ? Montiverdi , Belioz , John Adams ? ) And with your list of pop , you put me in the unenviable position of having to justify Elvis , the Beatles and Dylan against a number of artists many of whom ( I agree ) are superior artists in aesthetic terms . But although of course some of the people you mention have been influential , none of them have achieved one one - thousandth of the cultural penetration or musical ubiquty as the Fab Four . This is n't to impugn her as a musician , but there are , as Rebecca points out , many many hundreds of thousands of bands in the world . What 's going to make Joanna N stick out ? Personally I think this niche , the pop music one , is already pretty much filled . However good she is , I 'd be surprised if she achieves Mozartian levels of fame . It 's something I see a lot of in SF criticism : an individual 's personal investment in a writer gets parlayed up into a belief that said writer is not just interesting to the individual concerned , but significant , important etc . Almost always they 're not . It 's the confusion between personal taste and the brute empirical fact of cultural selection . Maybe it 's true that as many people globally ought to have Can , Neu and Faust CDs as they do Beatles and Bob Marley . But they just do n't . This is the parallel case your pop examples made me think of , Luther : who 's to say that the Renaissance tragedians Trissino , Giraldi , Speroni , Jodelle , Grevin , Torres Naharro , Montchrestian , Waldis or Frischlin were n't as good as Shakespeare ? On aesthetic grounds , on grounds of merit , maybe these fellers indeed deserve to be remembered . But there 's no getting around the fact that they are not remembered , and Shakespeare is , for all that . They are all of them , to a man , dodos ; and Shakespeare is the living chicken . I do n't think that we should get away from the fact that when two artists are both trying to do the same kind of thing , one can be objectively better than the other . If music is defined in terms of Bach , Mozart or Beethoven , it 's pretty much objectively true that they are better than the others . I think that it 's difficult to rank styles or genres ( jazz vs. classical ) , but within a style or genre ranking is possible . Artists usually recognize these rankings , even those like Hemingway who overrate their own work . In music you frequently have head - to - head competitions , and these often end with a clear consensus which is often shared by the defeated musician . I just went through a list of ten top founders of bebop . Only one was born in NYC , two came to NYC from NC in their childhood , and the rest ( 6 from the west including NOLA , one from SC ) came to NYC as fully - developed musicians . One transcendent figure -- a Mozart or Charlie Parker or Dante or Sophocles -- would be a statistical rarity , but we would expect to find statistical rarities . What needs to be explained is why such transcendent figures occur in clusters . Keats would be unusual , but Keats AND Shelley AND Byron all at once seems freakish , since there are whole periods in certain places that have not even one such figure . So the obvious answer is that there have to be certain conditions that allow for \" genius \" to flourish : A strong tradition . And that genius will in fact flourish more than once when these conditions are met , and will stop when these conditions no longer are met . It 's been pointed out that it ca n't just be that elites want elite art , because all periods have their elite art and not everything from this tradition becomes equally canonical after the fact . The conditions for some arts might be harder to satisfy . For example , really transcendent theater seems hard to sustain for a long period . That seems to be an extreme case of \" clustering . It may also be a case not of \" why is this so ? \" but of \" why does it seems to us to be so ? \" That is , why do we need to only recognize phenomena in these clusters . Randomness is clumpier than we think : Intuition smooths . And Darwin is primarily about variations that are selected for by the environment . My main problem with memetics , which carries over to the above , is that the variations are more directly to the environment itself . So , below the genre level , I prefer catalysis as the proper analysis , though externalities determine reactivity . ( And did n't JBarth do the whole Exhaustion / Replenishment thang ? ) But one clump I 've puzzled over is the midXIXc US trio of Poe Melville & Hawthorne , particularly in that Melville was dormant for 60+yrs and Poe had to transit through France . I do n't think that we should get away from the fact that when two artists are both trying to do the same kind of thing , one can be objectively better than the other . I basically agree ( tho I do n't know about ' objectively ' ... ) ; I 'm just not sure how relevant it is . Being ' better ' does n't translate into undying fame . Most of the Victorians who talked about such things agreed that Thackeray was a better novelist than Dickens ; but Dickens is alive and Thackeray not . Or Thack is much less alive . Or alive only in specialised environments like university - courses . Dickens is the domestic dog , Thackeray the panda bear . Or something like that . Me , I think Moby Grape were better than the Stones ; but everybody knows Jumpin Jack Flash and nobody knows Murder in my Heart for the Judge . Tis the way it is . On the one hand I think of Bach with that long - term steady church gig getting his stuff in front of an audience and having those musicians get familiar with his music week in and week out . Could that steady exposure given an advantage to the region where he happened to be located ? Once those jack rabbits landed in Australia they bred so fast there simply was n't room for anything else . Was Bach the jack rabbit of musical Europe ? ( He did have lots of kids . ) Did his success bias the cultural environment in a way that favored certain styles over others ? But I 'm also thinking that it 's audiences that matter . It 's audiences that do the cultural selecting . From a very abstract point of view we do n't need to worry about the particulars of the composers and musicians . Just posit an anonymous source of music ( or fiction , or sculpture ) and get it out there . But where does it stick around ? Yes , John , those bebop cats came from the hinterlands , but that 's not where they made their careers . They made their careers in front of audiences mostly in cities . And they most important cities were all major transit points - NYC , Chicago , Kansas City , Los Angeles . Lots of people moving in and through them . It 's something I see a lot of in SF criticism : an individual 's personal investment in a writer gets parlayed up into a belief that said writer is not just interesting to the individual concerned , but significant , important etc . Almost always they 're not . Sure , but take Tolkien and Terry Brooks : looking back 2000 years from now , are they not going to look a lot like two peas of a pod in a way - not as pretigious , or even exactly equivalent - as that of Sophocles and Euripides , or Aeschylus ? Maybe today there are many Tolkiens and Brooks whereas there were only a few Sophocles , Euripides , and Aeschylus - but that may be attributable to simple social factors , particularly population size and the incredible wealth of our age .... It seems to me the answers to your lines of thought here are readily explainable by such straightforward social factors . Why the Stones rather than anyone else ? Not sure it has much to do with the art but rather the personal motivation coupled very much with the size and structure of their PR machine and the economic system waiting to use them as fuel - right place , right time . If not the Stones , someone else , and there are others . But the economic and larger social system seems to me to impose the decisive constraints here , not the artistic facility or development nearly as much . OK , rephrase . There was no one better than Bach , Mozart , and Beethoven at what they did ( Haydn might be added ) . They are also more famous than the people they 're better than . The choice to prefer that kind of music is a matter of taste , but once you do , those are the musicians you end up with . ( In the post - Beethoven period there is less consensus , at least before Wagner . There 's less unity of style , and no one achieved dominance . Taste is a different thing ; I dislike Wagner a lot , but there 's no doubt that he was the greatest composer of his time . ) who 's to say that the Renaissance tragedians Trissino , Giraldi , Speroni , Jodelle , Grevin , Torres Naharro , Montchrestian , Waldis or Frischlin were n't as good as Shakespeare ? On aesthetic grounds , on grounds of merit , maybe these fellers indeed deserve to be remembered . But there 's no getting around the fact that they are not remembered , and Shakespeare is , for all that . I 'm somewhat confused as to how you see these clusters being produced ; as a process of contemporaneous production or something produced in retrospect ? The reason I ask is that I 'm thinking of someone like Walter Scott whose work was central to the novel cluster of that period ( more so than Jane Austen ) but whose work is nonetheless not remembered ( your inclusion of him above notwithstanding ) . Luther , much that you say seems quite valid , but this generalization and much that would follow from it has difficulty holding up : . \" Ultimately , I think the appearance of artistic golden ages or ages of giants are more about the construction of canons and cultural memory by subsequent generations ( and by cultural institutions ) . ( I take it you mean by subsequent cultural institutions ? ) But no golden age of rap is going to appear before the late twentieth century because the art form did not exist , I assume . What you say may then hold true for rap ever afterward but that 's far from certain . Does there really exist a smooth and uninterrupted stream , no \" clumps \" , of highly accomplished plays of the quality of those produced during ancient Greece 's \" golden age \" ? The social conditions that give rise to varieties of art forms and their intensity and qualities of production do change , sometimes radically , thus radically affecting even terminating various sorts of art . Thus , much of the explanation for the clumping and golden ages , despite some outliers . Additionally then , there is much , as you note , and sometimes overwhelming \" construction of canons and cultural memory \" that has gone on since that marginalizes or emphasizes various aspects of the actuality , and continues to . Bach - Mozart - Beethoven dominate today 's live classical scene not because their audiences can recognize their superior artistry , but because their names supply these audiences with the cultural capital the audience wants . Mozart and Beethoven shocked the audiences of their respective days ; they simply reflect the \" good taste \" of today 's audiences . One may then if one wishes turn a blind eye to any would - be illuminating but discomfitting insight that makes up the folds and forms of much of the achievement of the art . That does n't mean it 's not there but that some vital and great quality is being ignored , or goes misunderstood , while the work is otherwise appreciated ( or indulged in ) . I apologize , a little , for the tone this comment will undoubtedly take , but it suggests one of my complaints about literary theorists : some of them believe that the study of literature makes them scholars of everything . ( Because all scholarship is done with words , right ? ) The speculations above are interesting , but are so riddled with half - truths and misunderstandings when it comes to the \" evidence \" that I ca n't bear to finish the article or read the comments . The Dodo was n't ill - adapted to its environment . It was ushered into extinction with help . The idea of text as animal but nothing at all like meme suggests a lack of familiarity with meme ( whatever the merits of the uncomfortably inapt - to my ears , anyway - analogy with animals ) . Bach did n't start the musical techniques of the Baroque , he finished them . He did n't chance upon them either , they were the technique he was born into . Furthermore , it is hardly clear that this argument , as presented , represents any better an understanding of Darwin 's ideas ( or their modern incarnations ) than Social Darwinism . And lastly , the analogy , for whatever interest it may hold , fails to encompass some very important aspects of literary ( and musical ! ) works : some works \" breed \" like nobody 's business for a couple of years - then vanish without a trace . The virtues of the canon are not that those books , outside of the classroom , are so universally read ! And some genres persist with indistinguishable ( to the untrained eye ) formulaic offering after formulaic offering - individual instances instantly forgettable , but the imprint marching on . Interesting if it is late at night and if you have n't learned any cosmology or physics . The question is interesting - but the analysis ? Maybe I hold this list to unnecessarily high standards . But the argument , such as it is , sounds a lot like fishing around for things that can be made to fit a conclusion , rather than a real and rigorous search for truth , even if it does n't come in a neat \" darwinian \" package . If you are seriously interested in the question , I 'd hope it would be worth more serious thought than it seems to have been given . Tony , of course , you are correct . I overstated the importance of institutions in shaping cultural memory , and probably overstated the fickleness of cultural memory itself . To return to your rap example : . Yes , no golden age of rap will appear before , say , 1976 . But , this is n't to say that we know when and where \" rap \" as such came into existence , what constitutes it in its purest formal or aesthetic terms , and so on . Yazoo Records has a fabulous collection called \" The Roots of Rap , \" and many of these tracks from the teens and 20s sound like rap . Early 1980s , right ? And that 's exactly where many people locate its golden age . Artistic giants and cultural golden ages often emerge at the very moment of an art form 's cultural constitution or its moment of recognition . Same goes for \" rock \" or \" folk\"-Howlin ' Wolf and Dock Boggs should be the touchstones , but instead , as Adam suggested , many musicians continue to go back to the Stones or Dylan for their influences . Adam , regarding cultural capital , I think you 've identified the power of the middlebrow . More obscure or experimental artists may offer \" more \" cultural capital , but cultural capital is not simply one currency , but rather several currencies each of which is only accepted by certain cultural groups . Going to see Charalambides in a loft will not get you more cultural capital than going to see the 9th at the local orchestra house , but each will give you cultural capital for different groups . Which is to say that the \" dominance \" of a group of artists often means these artists are defined by the lowest common denominator . We ca n't just talk about the dominance of Beethoven ; we have to talk about the dominance of a certain version of Beethoven . Adam , I realize that you were n't arguing that these Giants are intrinsically better than other artists . I agree that we need to consider how a certain artist , nation , or historical period comes to cultural dominance . But my point about a contemporary artist like Joanna Newsome looking back to Texas Gladden was n't to say that she will have the sort of impact of the Beatles or the Stones or Elvis . Today 's dominant musicians - whether in terms of sales or artistic recognition - are not rockers . Mariah Carey will overtake the Number One single record set by Elvis and the Beatles . Jay - Z has nothing to do with the 60s rock canon . But I 'd hazard a bet that Jay - Z ( or Timberland ) knows about Can , because so many DJs sample their drum beats . ( Rock itself is probably already in its death throes . Why else has it needed to be saved from black folks and gays and teeny - boppers twice in 20 years ? First the anti - disco movement , and more recently the spate of White Stripes and Strokes criticism that tried to herald the Rebirth of Rock in the face of Britney and Jessica . In fifty years , Morodor might be a giant like Dylan or Elvis . ) Finally Tony , I did n't mean to imply that today 's classical music audience somehow invalidates the aesthetic merit of classical composers . My point was only that , to rephrase what I just argued , what dominates is too often a \" vanilla \" version of an artist , a simple narrative of his / her life and work . This is also tied to institutions : Beethoven or Mozart could get challenging music heard and performed , as could Schoenberg or even Boulez . John Zorn has to run his own labels to get his music out , and he 's had a great deal of success for an experimental composer . Anthony Braxton ca n't get performed or recognized - being black and experimental can do that to a man . Ultimately , though , I agree that there are times and places where great art seems to cohere and spread at a faster rate than in other times or other places . 1915 to 1945 was such a period , and it might in fact mark the first truly global artistic golden age . But many people would be quick to remind me that this historicization is simplistic : modernism can be smoothly traced back and forward from , or it can be taken apart as a set of discontinuous historical fragments even within , that 30 year time span . Tim says : \" ... riddled with half - truths and misunderstandings when it comes to the \" evidence \" that I ca n't bear to finish the article or read the comments ... \" . Really ? Let 's take a look at your objections . It was adapted to its environment fine for a while , but then its environment changed . When a predator presented itself ( us ) it proved itself very poorly adapted to its environment . Or are you suggesting that humanity is not a significant feature of the enviornment of a wide variety of living things ? But that would be a crazy thing to say . The idea of text as animal but nothing at all like meme suggests a lack of familiarity with meme ( whatever the merits of the uncomfortably inapt - to my ears , anyway - analogy with animals ) . I do n't understand the point of your objection here , apart from the fact that you do n't like the analogy of texts with animals . That 's fine ; but it is only an analogy . Of course texts are n't literally animals . \" ... suggests a lack of familiarity with meme ... \" You 're saying I havn't read Dawkins ? I have . A meme in his formulation is an idea that lodges in people 's minds , which can be passed on to other people 's minds , and which is subject to quasi - Darwinist constraints . I 'm not talking here about ideas in people 's minds so much as the larger cultural profile of ' art ' and its place in society . \" Bach did n't start the musical techniques of the Baroque , he finished them . He did n't chance upon them either , they were the technique he was born into . \" How is this relevant to what I 'm arguing ? I do n't disagree with what you say here , but whether Bach was the first musician to try a particular style , or whether he found that style by chance or not , has no bearing on the case I 'm making . I 'm interested in the cultural endurance of Bach , nothing else . \" Furthermore , it is hardly clear that this argument , as presented , represents any better an understanding of Darwin 's ideas ( or their modern incarnations ) than Social Darwinism . \" This is an assertion . In what ways does my argument misrepresent Darwin 's ideas ? \" And lastly , the analogy , for whatever interest it may hold , fails to encompass some very important aspects of literary ( and musical ! ) works : \" . Agreed . This is a few thousand words of speculative writing , not a comprehensive critical account . There are lots of things it does n't cover . \" Some works \" breed \" like nobody 's business for a couple of years - then vanish without a trace . \" This is true , of course . But it 's true of the analogous Darwinian biological world too , which contains lots and lots of instances of species flourishing for a time and then dying out . How does this fact invalidate what I say , exactly ? ( Hint : it does n't ) . \" The virtues of the canon are not that those books , outside of the classroom , are so universally read ! \" This sentence does n't make sense . Interesting if it is late at night and if you have n't learned any cosmology or physics . \" I do n't see what this has to do with anything I 've written here . \" The question is interesting - but the analysis ? Maybe I hold this list to unnecessarily high standards . \" OK . If I might make a suggestion ? Perhaps you should hold your own writing to the higher standard of which you speak . At the moment , and on the evidence of this , it 's rather incoherent . \" I apologize , a little , for the tone this comment will undoubtedly take ... \" . There 's no need to apologize . Disagreement is the lifeblood of debate , and scholarship . Just try to disagree a little more effectively , that 's all . ( Because all anonymous commentary is done with thought , right ? ) The speculations above ( of the anonymous , timorous dodo ) are interesting , but are so riddled with the ill - development common to drive - by anonymous commentary that I can hardly bear to read the note and finish off its comments . The drive - by anonymous dodo was n't necessarily ill - adapted to this environment . Yet it was ushered into its own oblivion with the help that it would apparently not think it supplied . Bach did n't start with dodos , you understand , he finished them off . Poor buggers , that is , birds - you see . Bach did n't chance upon them either , they were the drive - by anonymous dodos he saw fit to bore into . Oh to be a dodo who would be meme . Furthermore , it is hardly clear that such commentary , as presented , represents any better an understanding of Dodo the Great 's ideas ( or their modern incarnations ) than Social Dodoism . And lastly , the drive - by anonymous dodo , due to whatever disinterest it may hold , fails to navigate some very important aspects of weblog commentary ( and oh how ! ) it works : thus , some anonymous dodos \" breed \" like nobody 's business for a couple of moments - then vanish without a trace . The virtues of such commentators are not that they , outside of the Weblog , are so universally read ! And some such commentaries persist with dun ( to the delighted dodo 's eye ) dumping after dumping - individual instances instantly excreted , the fowl imprint of the anonymous dodo marching on . Interesting , I suppose , if the drive - by dodo is staring its own anonymous oblivion in the bill and if it has n't learned any astrology to guide it on its way of ducking about . The question is interesting - but the drive - by anonymous dodo ? Maybe I hold this dodo to unnecessarily high standards . But the commentating , such as it is , sounds a lot like fishing around for fowl scraps of bait that can be made to fit a dull hook , rather than a real and rigorous search for truth . Well , this is the standard sort of \" dodoian \" gambit . If you , anonymous drive - by dodo , are truly interested in any question , I 'd hope it would be worth far more serious flexing of the feathers than that which you , proud bird of oblivion , have so surely given . It 's massive - worth saying twice - and his answers are perhaps ultimately not satisfying - he was critical of his own work in a talk I heard around the time the book came out - but definitely worth a look . \" Artistic giants and cultural golden ages often emerge at the very moment of an art form 's cultural constitution or its moment of recognition . \" This seems too roughly stated . A problem is that a \" cultural golden age \" seems to be blurred with \" an art form 's cultural constitution \" . That is , it seems a lot like a restatement . The \" pioneers \" certainly remain distinct and great of course , as do their predecessors , but I would n't say they could necessarily be said to represent the golden age of their art form . _ A _ golden age , of some sort , sure . Would not the same hold for rap ? Take some recent five years and collect the greatest rap songs recorded and then take any five years in the 80s and collect the great rap songs - would the 80s songs really shine so much more brightly than the 2000s songs ? Would late 1950s love ballads really shine so much more brightly than late 1990s love ballads ? It does n't seem likely to me , but it 's something that could be tested , it seems to me .... . Or apply a similar sort of test to particular sorts of novels written in the early 1900s and those written in the mid and late 1900s . Of course , relatively speaking , that could be considered a short period of time , even as ' a moment of emergence , ' all those many decades clumped together . You then it seems to me usefully qualify indirectly and partially at least your remarks above here : . \" Ultimately , though , I agree that there are times and places where great art seems to cohere and spread at a faster rate than in other times or other places . 1915 to 1945 was such a period , and it might in fact mark the first truly global artistic golden age . But many people would be quick to remind me that this historicization is simplistic : modernism can be smoothly traced back and forward from , or it can be taken apart as a set of discontinuous historical fragments even within , that 30 year time span . \" Dos Passos ' U.S.A. trilogy . Bertolt Brecht 's work , and so on . Not as true today perhaps , though the mixture of progressive politics and progressive aesthetics is far from unknown in contemporary works . Ditto for criticism of all variety , and many other forms of human endeavor . Not that today 's great long fictions could or should look excessively like the great Victorian novels , though I think they would have no little bit in common with them . Unfortunately , the threats to all this are at least equally great and require , it seems to me , much of our immediate efforts . Tony Christini : \" Maybe today there are many Tolkiens and Brooks whereas there were only a few Sophocles , Euripides , and Aeschylus ... \" Actually , there were indeed many classical Greek tragedians ( if not as many as there are Tolkienesque fantasists ) . The reason nobody aside from a few scholars has heard of them is that only fragments of their works survive . The same is true of most of Sophocles , Euripides and Aeschylus , for that matter . Adam ( Roberts ) : At one point in your original post you say this : Salieri 's music failed because it was less well fitted . It is not that Salieri 's music is in any sense intrinsically ' worse ' than Mozart 's , any more than a dodo was intrinsically worse than a seagull . It is simply that one was adapted to its environment better than the other . Later on , however , you say this : In the natural world random mutations introduce variations into the gene pool , some beneficial , most neutral or negative . In the world of art we see the same thing . Bach chanced upon techniques of musical composition that made his music ' stronger ' than other composers ' work in a Darwinian sense : more likely to live in people 's hearts , more likely to make people replicate it and continue it . It seems to me that this is awfully close to saying that Bach 's music was intrinsically better than the immediate competition . Presumably the music appealed to the heart because of properties that the music itself had - certain melodies , certain chord progressions , and rhythms , and so forth . Those properties matched - as a key to a lock ? -the affective needs of the population within earshot of Bach 's music . How more intrinsic could you get ? Music is supposed to appeal to the heart , no ? Alternatively you could say that the population was desperately in need of something . Bach 's music came along at that time and they immediately became attached to it ( in the way Konrad Lorenz 's goslings became attached to him ? ) and thereby the population became Bach - biased . Thereafter , alternatives were not appealing , even though they might have been so had they gotten there before Bach . On a different matter , it would be interesting to take the canon of British novels and map them onto the categorized list on which Moretti based his study of genre succession in the British novel . Are the canonical novels a random subset of this full collection , so that no genre and no time period is more likely to be in the canon than any other ? Or are the canonical novels \" clumped \" with respect to the full run ? Finally , Shakespeare did well enough to live comfortably and give performances in the most elite of circles . But was he the most popular Elizabethan dramatist of the age ? Did he rack up the most performances in his time and rake in the most money ? Or was his popularity middling , but also elite ? Was he , say , a George Lucas or an Ingmar Bergman ? It may be true , as I wrote , if only due to such factors as population size and the wealth of our age , compared to those of times past . If true , it seems to me that this complicates the matters that Adam Roberts and others are interested in . Even if not true , it 's quite worth considering , for a variety of pertinent reasons , it seems to me . And of course much could be said about whether or not Tolkien and Brooks and others are relatively equally accomplished , and what it means in terms of the larger accomplishment for one writer to precede or follow another even slightly in time ... . Surely much scholarly work is best suited to the traditional forms of most careful reflection , deliberation , and review to be found in the production of many essays , journals , and books quite apart from ( or in conjunction with ) running weblog discussions . Obviously I think weblogs can be extremely useful as well , for all variety of matters , some number of which may be found on the Valve . \" Bach chanced upon techniques of musical composition that made his music ' stronger ' than other composers ' work in a Darwinian sense : more likely to live in people 's hearts , more likely to make people replicate it and continue it . \" Bill : . It seems to me that this is awfully close to saying that Bach 's music was intrinsically better than the immediate competition ..... . Alternatively you could say that the population was desperately in need of something . Bach 's music came along at that time and they immediately became attached to it ( in the way Konrad Lorenz 's goslings became attached to him ? ) and thereby the population became Bach - biased . Thereafter , alternatives were not appealing , even though they might have been so had they gotten there before Bach . I do n't see any reason to rule out the possibility that Bach 's music was , in fact , \" better \" . During Bach 's time there was a big , serious , sophisticated , educated musical audience , and composer 's strove to satisfy this . Most composers were doing varients of the same thing , and Bach was recognized to have surpassed the others . He did n't just \" happen on \" anything , though ; he was a wrokaholic and travelled here and there in order to learn what the other guys were doing . ( For one thing , he learned both the German and the Italian style ) . Bach was \" better \" than the others in the same sense that Michael Jordan was \" better \" than the others . You can argue that perhaps Handel was as good as Bach , but as far as I know , there 's no other contemporary about whom you can say this . It 's not just \" taste \" . A fly in the ointment : when styles changed , Bach was more or less forgotten for about a century . He was revived mostly by Mendelsohn . Bach was \" better \" than the others in the same sense that Michael Jordan was \" better \" than the others . Ummm , except it 's possible to quantify Michael Jordan 's being \" better \" than the others , which is why modern athletics are so stats - obsessed . It would seem implausible for Bach to be \" better \" than other composers in anything close to this sense . Maybe quantification is n't why Jordan is better . Maybe it 's because he beat everyone else one on one , which is what Bach did . Bracketing out artistic quality as intangible and unknowable and really quite arbitrary and subjective is a positivist cliche , a contemporary truism , and a basic Valve doctrine , but by and large I think that Bach 's contemporaries recognized his superiority . I do n't think that people should so automatically assume that it was an audience whim . \" A fly in the ointment : when styles changed , Bach was more or less forgotten for about a century . He was revived mostly by Mendelsohn . \" That 's the effect I was talking about . The other thing is that we do n't know if canon formation is retrospective and that in the day , there were others equally as well known as Bach . And if Bach was more or less forgotten for about a century until a newer composer found him to be useful , then that does imply that Bach was n't played much between his death and Mendelsohn 's revival of him . Every writer reads Shakespeare and most writers from sometime after Shakespeare have read Chaucer and Skelton . How we read the past depends on our presents - before the linguistics involved were understood , people read Chaucer in a radically different way that we do now . The other thing is the issue of critical mass - the great periods are rarely products of one person . They 're generally products of a group of talented people being born in an environment that brings them together . We had 19th Century official US poetry , and we had Poe , Whitman , and Dickinson . To the best of anyone 's knowledge , Dickinson 's only supportive contact with the popular writers of her day was with Helen Hunt Jackson ( Thomas Wentworth Higginson thought Dickinson was half mad and tried to get Whitman fired from his government day job ) . That may have been enough . Most people , however , do require more . I 've often wondered what Whitman and Dickinson would have made of each other . The Atlantic Monthly poetry of that time is pretty much forgotten or of historical interest only . ( Whitman had more social contacts with other writers , including Oscar Wilde ) . Great art does n't just take the person whose works live on as useful to subsequent artists , but the people who egged her or him on . Human beings do n't do work of any kind in a social void . Outside of universities , the general reader reads things that are contemporary and things that those contemporary writers found useful or refer to . ( I believe John was getting at something similar to this . ) Mozart IS better than Salieri , and Shakespeare IS better than ( for example ) Marlowe . Saying that Shakespeare is only perceived as the best because he 's read the most by modern authors is rather disingenuous , I believe . I think Adam hits at some good points about why these clumps occur the ways they do , but other comments seem ready to assume that all artistic quality is completely subjective . I know we can never be objective about artistic quality , obviously . And I know that some \" masters \" in the canon are n't as great as others who never made it in ( for many of the reasons Adam pointed out ) . But there is , I think , a strong correlation betweeen quality and artistic immortality . Saying otherwise just does n't seem fair . Shakespeare is perceived as best because he can be read in more ways than some of the others , but he 's got gaps through which one can drive a whole minor poet . He was a biased witness to his age . Even someone as minor as Robert Green corrects some of his blind spots . As far as I know , Shakespeare 's Globe was , if not the most profitable theatres , one of the two most profitable theatres in Elizabethan London . My understanding is that theatre then was like rock music venues with a heavy dose of government propaganda on the conservative side and some fairly subversive plays by people who decided being anonymous was a good thing ( Arden of Faversham ) . Shakespeare was better enough to have Ben Jonson alternate between jealousy and flattery . Would Shakespeare would have done something else if he 'd been born today - like science . Leonardo da Vinci is most obviously someone who would have been a scientist today , but I have noticed that a number of scientists have been in chamber groups . In the sciences , people understand the concept of \" critical mass \" quite well . It takes an environment with the right stuff , which varies from equipment to social conditions to colleagues to make an great age in science . I think there 's a strong correlation between quality and being a source of continual inspiration for newer writers . Artistic immortality has never depended on the general reading public . Sometimes , as in Shakespeare 's London , the general play going public appears to have good taste or Shakespeare was able to cater to it without losing what interests us in him today . The idea of artistic immortality is not terribly realistic . In 5,000 years , nobody or only specialists will be reading Shakespeare in the original English . In 20,000 years , we could have lost any connection with that language . In a million years , the sophonts probably wo n't be human , and in ten million years , they definitely wo n't be . We 're creatures of a particular culture and some works matter to that culture , but our culture is not immortal , much less art works produced by it . At this point , probably most of Chaucer 's readership is specialists , and I suspect that only specialists and Yale Ph . D.s now read Latin or Greek works in the original languages . From what I 've read , Africans who are n't musicians ca n't get Western Music , but Africans who are musicians do understand what the Europeans doing . The newer generations of writers are the people who best understand or misunderstand most fruitfully what the older writers were doing . Shakespeare has survived because he 's interesting despite changing literary fashions , but I suspect that most of my students now would n't voluntarily read him any more than they 'd voluntarily read Ezra Pound . I do have students who voluntarily read Ginsberg fifty years after \" Howl \" was published . Most of the English language classics are re - read by people who do have writerly ambitions . ( I suspect that everyone reading The Value has ambition to write something significant whether it 's creative or critical ) . \" The other thing is the issue of critical mass - the great periods are rarely products of one person . \" Sort of by definition . How great could \" a period \" be if only one person were really in bloom ? Of course a period or a golden age is basically a unit of time , but used in this sense it more or less implies a collectivity ... at least to me . And then interestingly you immediately bring up , below , what may seem to be nearly a counterexample of my sense of a period or age : \" We had 19th Century official US poetry , and we had Poe , Whitman , and Dickinson . \" In near isolation , it seems . Dickinson especially . ( Not sure as much about Poe 's climate . ) To a considerable extent I suppose it may be said that most great artists are outliers . Some , like Dickinson and Whitman - Dickinson especially - are much greater outliers than others , in a variety of ways , even great enough to be mistaken sometimes for the age , or to be ( mis)construed as the age , after the fact . \" People who riff off from their friend 's work , ideas and energy do n't tend to be imitators of each other ... \" . A strong counterargument or qualification I think could be made as well that shows the actuality of imitation or near imitation of a sort too , one that manifests itself as artistic strength and weakness both . \" Great art does n't just take the person whose works live on as useful to subsequent artists , but the people who egged her or him on . Human beings do n't do work of any kind in a social void . \" Or ideological void , and so on . \" Outside of universities , the general reader reads things that are contemporary and things that those contemporary writers found useful or refer to . \" There is also a lot that is available to be read and that is read ( by \" general readers \" and writers both ) that is unhelpful in more ways than not , even destructive .... . \" Shakespeare is perceived as best because he can be read in more ways than some of the others , but he 's got gaps through which one can drive a whole minor poet . He was a biased witness to his age . Even someone as minor as Robert Green corrects some of his blind spots . \" One could drive major writers through Shakespeare 's \" gaps , \" despite his tremendous achievement . \" In the sciences , people understand the concept of \" critical mass \" quite well . It takes an environment with the right stuff , which varies from equipment to social conditions to colleagues to make an great age in science . \" As with art and anything . At Mainstay Press , we are quite consciously trying to build a \" critical mass , \" in a way as encompassing as possible regarding art , culture , social change . \" I think there 's a strong correlation between quality and being a source of continual inspiration for newer writers . Artistic immortality has never depended on the general reading public . Sometimes , as in Shakespeare 's London , the general play going public appears to have good taste or Shakespeare was able to cater to it without losing what interests us in him today . \" That artistic immortality does sometimes depend on the general public , reading and otherwise , seems evident to me . Obviously artistic or aesthetic quality is often important , and many times the crucial and decisive factor , but surely not always . There 's a lot of so - so art still around from ancient times simply because it was popular , common , a part of many people 's daily lives . Look in the Bible and so on . No so - so yet still useful art and aesthetics in there that are still around influencing ( sometimes quite good ) art and artists ? And then there is lots of popular and common non - literary art work that has survived , mainly because it was so common , pottery and rings and things . It may not be of super quality , but some of it still has artistic influence , is more than historical curiosity . ( See Chris Bachelder 's recent acclaimed novel U.S. ! based heavily upon Upton Sinclair and his novels , in which there is some significant if often transformed aesthetic influence , a great deal of \" riffing \" off Sinclair and his works . Some lively productive imitation , as well , in bits and pieces at least , of both Sinclair 's stronger and weaker aesthetic moments . ) \" The idea of artistic immortality is not terribly realistic . In 5,000 years , nobody or only specialists will be reading Shakespeare in the original English . \" Who cares if it 's in the original English if it 's still being read ? Don Quixote and The Odyssey and the Epic of Gilgamesh ( over 4,000 years old ) are still produced in wonderful lively popular editions and are great delightful and thoughtful reads for any age reader . It 's easy to think of simple improvements that can be made in our country and world and that we can work to create that would make it more likely that such works would be far , far more widely read , enjoyed , appreciated , benefitted from . Of course that could be said about a lot of good and potential contemporary art too ( and so many other things ) , so there will always be the competition of the present . About the power of translations , for , say , English - only readers , I think older works written in English are at a disadvantage compared to works that great translators can enliven for contemporary audiences . The best thing to happen to Beowulf along these lines was for it to be old enough to need to be translated into its \" own \" language ( though to me it does n't seem to be one of the liveliest ancient reads ) . \" In 20,000 years , we could have lost any connection with that language . In a million years , the sophonts probably wo n't be human , and in ten million years , they definitely wo n't be . We 're creatures of a particular culture and some works matter to that culture , but our culture is not immortal , much less art works produced by it . At this point , probably most of Chaucer 's readership is specialists , and I suspect that only specialists and Yale Ph . D.s now read Latin or Greek works in the original languages . \" Ancient art endures in very lively contemporary editions . That it 's in translation or even in contemporary \" rendering \" is not necessarily of great consequence . \" Shakespeare has survived because he 's interesting despite changing literary fashions , but I suspect that most of my students now would n't voluntarily read him any more than they 'd voluntarily read Ezra Pound . I do have students who voluntarily read Ginsberg fifty years after \" Howl \" was published . \" About the readership , that says far more about our particular culture at this point in time than anything else . There are plenty of great lively old and ancient works , let alone contemporary ones , that the U.S. could distribute free in bus stations , the DMV , oil change shops , etc , that would be read eagerly by people from all walks of life . It 's really a crime that something like this is n't done , as with so many things . \" Most of the English language classics are re - read by people who do have writerly ambitions . ( I suspect that everyone reading The Value has ambition to write something significant whether it 's creative or critical ) . \" Again , this demonstrates in part some of our cultural poverty , or distraction at least , but is far from an immutable fact . Switching posts : \" Maybe quantification is n't why Jordan is better . Maybe it 's because he beat everyone else one on one , which is what Bach did . \" Much more could be said too about , call them , quantification fallacies . \" Bracketing out artistic quality as intangible and unknowable and really quite arbitrary and subjective is a positivist cliche , a contemporary truism , and a basic Valve doctrine , but by and large I think that Bach 's contemporaries recognized his superiority . I do n't think that people should so automatically assume that it was an audience whim . \" Sure , and there are all sorts of measures of quality that can be made , and often are , as you note . But it ought to be done with some care . Take for example the New York Times \" best American fiction of the past 25 years \" list . Philip Roth who by far garnered the most votes seems to me to be one of the top novelists of the past decades and possibly the most highly accomplished , in wholesale ways . I think his The Ghost Writer is a particularly great , if flawed , achievement , maybe his \" best \" in many ways . But in my view , Dorothy Allison 's great collection of short stories , Trash , equals ( yes , taken as a work of literature ) any single novel of Roth 's , and arguably surpasses most of them , on a variety of grounds . No Native American fiction , to mention merely one glaring case , as accomplished as , or easily within the ranks of , anything by C. McCarthy , or DeLillo , or Updike , and the others ? That 's a deficiency of this scandalous list that ought to serve as the basis for or be the focus of a much needed dissertation , etc . As has been widely mentioned , the problem lies with the set - up of the exercise rather than with the individual participants ( except perhaps insofar as they agreed to participate within its severe constraints ) . In a wide variety of ways , the New York Times exercise was utterly careless , as many have noted , an exercise largely if not wholly incapable of pointing to much of the best quality \" American \" fiction of recent years . Maybe quantification is n't why Jordan is better . Maybe it 's because he beat everyone else one on one . By scoring a lot more than they did , if I remember correctly . ( At least that 's what makes him identifiable as the uncontested champ . Plenty of other players had those intangible , subjective qualities like leadership , on - court charisma and championship spirit . ) We ca n't count how many three - pointers Bach sank and how many MVPs he won , and I suspect neither could his contemporaries . So the basketball analogy is really just bad , IMO . Bracketing out artistic quality as intangible and unknowable and really quite arbitrary and subjective is a positivist cliche , a contemporary truism . And quite defensible , given the alternatives . Well , at least as far as \" intangible \" and \" subjective \" go ; \" arbitrary \" and \" unknowable \" do not really follow from these . I 'll put it this way : . - It 's perfectly possible for a musician to be \" objectively \" better than another at a specific skill , or set of skills . - It 's possible for clusters of those skills to appeal to a certain sensibility , or range of sensibilities - though the choice of which skills get favoured is quite possibly the most arbitrary part of aesthetics , heavily dependent on historical accident and inscrutable cultural cross - currents . - It 's equally possible for music or art possessed of virtually none of those vaunted skills , but of some other \" intangible \" quality , to wind up holding even greater appeal in virtually the same cultural contexts . ( This is a big part of why Dryden famously admired Jonson - the pick of most educated Elizabethans as the truly great playwright of their age - but loved Shakespeare . ) - It 's almost never possible to identify exactly what in the soup of cultural x - factors leads a society to prefer one set of aesthetic talents to another , or decides when it throws off its avowed preferences for something different and exciting . And I really do n't see the point of railing against the subjectivity of artistic taste . So , you know , maybe one should n't go making too much of it . ) You do have \" subjective differences in taste \" in the art , but you also have master artists who are trying to do the same thing as everyone else , but are recognized as doing it better . It 's not a simple numerical ranking 1 - 100 but some artists have it and some do n't . There are disagreements and reevaluations when tastes change , and some artists get special attention because they 're \" different \" rather than \" better \" . Often these factors coincide -Satie and Mussorgsky stand out against more masterful artists because the more masterful artists were trying unsuccessfully to be Wagner or Beethoven , and do something that already had been done . To demote or promote someone in the canon , or to propose a different canon entirely ( I have put together a fiction canon which excludes all realist authors ) is fine . I do n't get the point of simply assuming that the canon has been randomly and casually produced and should be looked at in a non - aesthetic way though . \" There are plenty of great lively old and ancient works , let alone contemporary ones , that the U.S. could distribute free in bus stations , the DMV , oil change shops , etc , that would be read eagerly by people from all walks of life . It 's really a crime that something like this is n't done , as with so many things . \" I should remind you that during Communism , more people read the classics than read them now in Russia where the best sellers are now not that different from what people in this country are reading . People have access to an amazing range of things free through Project Gutenberg . I still have n't met anyone who read widely and throughout history who did n't write , whether published or not . The fantasy of getting truck drivers to put down their David Drake and read the classics that Drake read instead strike me as kinda fantastic . Some things are read because they 're the only surviving witness to a period . We only have Gilgamesh by a fluke , and the language skills to translate it due to scholars working backward from the Rosetta Stone . My father has been working on a autobiography - the only parts that are interesting are the ones about an era that 's faded - the rural Southern life of the early 20th Century before that region joined the industrial age . Dickinson is probably the case for least critical mass necessary in that she was in contact with one other writer who took her seriously and a couple of editors who thought she had promise . Poe had contact with England ; Whitman was connected ( Oscar Wilde visited him in Camden , so he had at that time at least a trans - Atlantic reputation ) . \" Again , this demonstrates in part some of our cultural poverty , or distraction at least , but is far from an immutable fact . \" I do n't think we 're living in a culturally improverished age . We have a disconnect between the past and the present that 's probably going to look as significant as the disconnect between hunter / gatherer societies and farming societies a thousand years from now . When Shakespeare was a living part of popular culture , we did n't need to teach him . The rise of English literature as a field of study seems to be contemporary with the telephone . I suspect that Richard Powers is more the cutting edge of the future than anything mentioned in the NY Times survey . And we have n't really digested Joyce yet . If we are arguing for a Evolutionary Theory of Art , then we must prove that the prime mover with regards to a piece 's ( or author 's corpus ' ) survivability , that is , suitability to environment , can be located within the piece itself . After all , with biological evolution , it is the biological ( and sometimes behavioral ) traits of one species that allow it to command a niche ( think the bills of Darwin 's finches ) . But in music we find Bach . Great and good , and all that , and influential , but whose existence in such Golden Age lists as Adam 's is entirely dependent on the existence of Mendelssohn . Had Mendelssohn never been born , Bach would have been relegated to the second tier of classical music . This is not evolution . And this is not disparaging Bach . It 's just to say that Bach 's survivability was depentent upon a boost from another composer . In the natural world , this is like saying that , after humans learned to fly , birds became better suited to their environment . The problem here is that we 're essentially defining evolution as nothing more than change over time with regards to environment . But it 's not . Evolution is a scientifically testable ( on the micro scale ) and modelable ( on the macro ) theory . Show me an evolutionary model of music , with Medelssohns , on par with what we 've got going for biology , and I 'll believe it . Otherwise it 's not evolution , it 's something else . You 'd probably get a prize if you could . Because even micro evolution is on a vastly larger scale than what we 're talking about . Tse tse flies , the prefered lab rat of micro ev testing , produce offspring at a rate that makes garage bands ' seemingly endless self - reproduction look like the conjugal efforts of CS Lewis . Without statistically significant modeling , you do n't have evolution , you have a heuristic trend . All that said , I broadly agree with John as to the fact that quantification and modeling is not necessary to study arching trends in the arts and literature . But as soon as you claim evolution , you are declaring yourself for a quatitative approach , and can not defend it on purely qualitative grounds . Had Mendelssohn never been born , Bach would have been relegated to the second tier of classical music . No , this is a peculiar version of the \" individual genius \" theory of history . Mozart also rediscovered Bach , but he was n't a publicist like Mendelsohn . Someone would have come along . I think that Donald Campbell 's \" Evolutionary Epistomology \" is a better model than biological evolution . Contingency , historical irreversibility , proliferation and decimation , and variation and selective retention . Ah ! Thank you John E ; Donald T Campbell ( I 've just googled him ) is exactly the kind of hint I was angling for , and this post is a really very belated reinvention of his wheel . I 'll go dig ou some of his writing . On this Bach Mendelsohn thing , it 's my not - so - well - informed belief that , until Mendelsohn came along , the standard practice in programming high art music was to program the Current Stuff . Mendelsohn , in his capacity as a conductor , changed that . He programmed music that had slipped into the past but that he thought worthy of his audience 's time and attention . Hence , he rediscovered Bach . But one might also argue that he started the job of institutionalizing a whole body of work , Classical Music , as opposed simply to programming the Current Stuff . On the \" subjective , \" I 'm often confused when something , such as beauty , is said to be subjective . More often than not what is being asserted is that something varies so wildly and aribitrarily from one individual to another that there is no way to make sense of it . So , it 's subjective and there 's no point in thinking about it any more . It seems to me that that notion is derivative upon a more fundamental notion . Something is subjective if it is knowable only by , is meaningful only to , subjects . For there to be beauty there must be a beholder with an open and interested eye . This does not necessarily entail that judgments of beauty will vary from one beholder to another . They may or they may not . Whatever the case may be , there 's no reason we ca n't investigate how and why subjects see this or that as beautifu . It 's not easy to do , but I do n't see any reason , in principle , why it ca n't be done . And where subject 's judgments differ , I do n't see why we ca n't look into that either . Further , I do n't see any way of quantifying aesthetic judgment except to model the judgments made by people . I do n't see any way of developing such models from a priori principles . Note that Donald Campbell DID base his evolutionary epistemology on Darwinian evolution . I believe that the phrasing \" random variation and selective retention \" is his and that it applies to both biological and cultural evolution . You should take a look at my paper on \" Culture as an Evolutionary Arena . \" It is one of a suite of papers on mind - culture co - evolution . Yeah , but Campbell 's epistomology avoids the dilemmas that rise when you try to get a tight fit with biological evolution . I was responding mostly to \" dunno \" , who was taking the evolution model strictly . No , this is a peculiar version of the \" individual genius \" theory of history . Mozart also rediscovered Bach , but he was n't a publicist like Mendelsohn . Someone would have come along . First off , it is n't an \" individual genius \" claim of any sort . I am claiming an accident of history . You can look carefully and see that nowhere did I claim greatness , genius or any such for Mendelssohn . And as for the claim that Mozart was n't a publicist like Mendelssohn , well , that 's my point . No one was . Composers and musicians overwhelmingly are n't publicists . And even when they are , they are n't extreme enough to manage to catapault their target from obscurity to the universally understood pantheon of all - time greats . Look at when Eric Clapton and Keith Richards got together and essentially underwrote the compilation of the complete Robert Johnson , a massive scale effort due to issues with age , small runs , recording quality , vanished recording comanies , and initial distribution . They managed to make it clear to all experts what they had known all along : that he was central to the sounds , phrasings , and methods of what would later become rock guitar . The fact of the matter is , it is very hard to sucessfully catapault an artist into universal knowledge after he and his style ( Johnson and acoustic country blues , or Bach and Baroque ) have been dead and dormant for significant periods . It should not lightly be assumed that \" [ s]omeone would have come along . \" Generally speaking , there 's a time window on resuscitation of dead works ( not just less popular , but of the \" where 'd you get this \" variety ) . It seems to be sucessful when something similar to the work is being produced anyway . For example , Europe was still writing virtually everything in Latin when the Latin clasics arrived in their consciousness as a result of trade with the East . Once they got over the religion barrier , they were ready to utilize it . On the other hand , Gilgamesh arrived too late . Interest in the Classics was already on the wane , and its use was pretty much limited to anthropology and comp . lit . Resuscitating art is hard . After the rise of popular forms of music , the effort would be even greater , unless the rediscovery become a museum piece like Gilgamesh . My point stands . As great as Bach 's works were , as much as I love them , they relied on Mendellsohn 's great effort on their behalf , on an accident of history , for their survival . That 's not evolution . Look , the idea that nothing can be known if it ca n't be quantified is a university cliche , . This is n't a bad thing ; to me , it 's part of the appeal of studying any kind of aesthetics . I do n't get the point of simply assuming that the canon has been randomly and casually produced and should be looked at in a non - aesthetic way though . I do n't get where you get this . Saying a canon 's production is complex and influenced by many close - to - arbitrary factors is really not the same thing as saying it was \" randomly and casually produced . \" Saying that it 's a good idea to let our aesthetic judgments be conditioned by some acknowledgment of that complexity is really not that same thing as saying it \" should be looked at in a non - aesthetic way . \" Further , I do n't see any way of quantifying aesthetic judgment except to model the judgments made by people . That 's fine . That 's the sort of modeling I 'd expect . But , and I 'm sure Donald Cambell would agree here , the modeling must include promnently the quantitative : . Dr. Campbell argued that the sophisticated use of many approaches , each with its own distinct but measurable flaws , was required to design reliable research projects . The paper he wrote with Donald W. Fiske to present this thesis , \" Convergent and Discriminant Validation by the Multitrait - Multimethod Matrix , \" is one of the most frequently cited papers in the social science literature . [ cite ] . The rough modeling that is being done here by those defending the \" evolutionary art \" claim is all of the same form . To cite Cambpell in defense of it is disingenuous . As I 've said before , an evolutionary claim requires quantitative modeling by the nature of evolutionary theory . Cambell did n't . More often than not what is being asserted is that something varies so wildly and aribitrarily from one individual to another that there is no way to make sense of it . So , it 's subjective and there 's no point in thinking about it any more . This one also puzzles me . Aesthetic taste obviously varies wildly between individuals , societies and contexts , but it does n't follow from this that \" there is no way to makes sense of it \" or \" no point in thinking about it . \" Calling a thing \" subjective \" suggests that the subjects involved have no means of evaluating whose preferences are \" objectively \" better ( beyond various sets of highly local and contingent criteria that are constantly being superseded ) . To say that a thing becomes unworthy of study because it 's not possible to produce The Definitive Judgment of it would seem to me , as John is fond of saying , a positivist cliche . John Emerson . I 'll acknowledge my overzealousness in discussing the applicability of evolution ( though I might argue I was led in that direction by statments such as Adam 's claim that non - great composers are just like Dodos , that 's why their music is n't around anymore ) . Quantitative , Campbellian ev analysis is more than fine by me , if it 's done right , which I feared at the time I wrote the above comments was not what was being pushed for . Your posting has alleviated that concern , to a large extent . ( By the way , apologies for my butchering of Campbell 's name in my prior post . I 've always had atrocious spelling and must not have been policing it as tightly as I should ) . \" As great as Bach 's works were , as much as I love them , they relied on Mendellsohn 's great effort on their behalf , on an accident of history , for their survival . That 's not evolution . \" But is n't evolution full of accidents ? -jackrabbits in Australia , an asteroid in the Yucatan and so forth . That Mendelssohn chose to program Bach was no guarantee that his audiences would like Bach . Much less that they would like him enough for music publishers to prepare and market editions of Bach . That Mendelssohn 's generation liked Bach was no guarantee that succeeding generations would do so as well . Independently of the performance of Bach 's own work , we have the music written by composers who trained with Bach and those who were directly influenced by him . The claim was \" if Mendolsohn had never been born \" . That 's too strong . After Mendelsohn , Bach could n't be rediscovered again , obviously . Before him , Bach was rediscovered more than once , albeit with less success . To assume that it all depended on one man is a big leap . Where does Campbell say that his method MUST be quantitatively used ? It 's been awhile , but I remember it as being a fairly general paradigm capable of various applications . This new study is not my idea and I 'm not entirely in sympathy with it , so I 'm not its best defender but you should note that it 's in the exploratory blocking - out stage right now . It is n't being presented as a finished theory . I think that in general , to the extent that musicians are trying to do approximately the same thing , their judgements of relative merit are pretty reliable . Music is a skilled craft with standards . The controversies come when there 's stylistic change , or when individuals overestimate their own work , or when instrumentalists overestimate virtuosity , and so on . So it 's not unanimous . But it 's way different than judging different flavors of ice cream . P.S. No one cited Campbell in defense of anything . I suggested that Campbell 's more general moderl would be more usable than biological evolution in a strict sense , and Adam thought that I might be right . \" I should remind you that during Communism , more people read the classics than read them now in Russia where the best sellers are now not that different from what people in this country are reading . \" No , I have no illusions that making literary classics widely available would have much if anything to do with a progressive political movement . But I think the government might find such works harmless enough to distribute them , if for nothing other than literacy purposes , as I believe has been done in Mexico City recently and elsewhere . In fact , the political effect might be negative , but if so I do n't think it would be extremely negative , if at all , that it could n't be counteracted by some accompanying or countervailing measure or effect . I suggest that great work be provided in public because there is much richness to be found there , much insight into what is sometimes called the full human condition , in the Victorian novel especially , also in much poetry and so on . It enriches people lives , heightens perceptions , can give great psychological insight , and so on . And it belongs to the public in my view . If it 's not in the bus station , the DMV , etc . , it 's not nearly as available as it should be , in my view ( Project Gutenberg or no ) . Also , I would hate to see just the great European and American classics in such places . The Bhagavad - Gita , etc , should be there too . And the great contemporary field labor poems of Gary Soto , which were so powerful to many students I 've taught , many of whom came from migrant labor families . And much much more , including good work classic and contemporary that is in various ways specific to local cultures and conditions and therefore may be most appealing and most read . \" People have access to an amazing range of things free through Project Gutenberg . I still have n't met anyone who read widely and throughout history who did n't write , whether published or not . The fantasy of getting truck drivers to put down their David Drake and read the classics that Drake read instead strike me as kinda fantastic . \" That 's the problem with arguing strictly from one 's personal experience . You have n't met anyone who does this , but just in my own limited personal experience , I 've met quite a few , and some of them have read far more than I ( who write ) have . One such person I did meet in a bus station . She brought her own classic novel . Another such person , I asked him if he wrote as well . \" I ca n't write a post card , \" he said . Of yet another such person I asked if he ever intended to write anything . \" Why [ on earth ] do you think I should ? \" he said . Are you saying you 've never picked a classic text out of some time period that you know nothing or next to nothing about , and you have n't been able to appreciate it ? This would seem bizarre to me ? What do I know about the era of the Epic of Gilgamesh ? Zero . And little or nothing of other ages and cultures from which I read and can appreciate great work - though not as fully no doubt as if I knew something , let alone a lot , about the particular culture and age . Of course if you 're saying that our current culture usually gives us some handle for understanding past , different , or other work , then of course . Some art across cultures can be extremely difficult or impossible to much understand without some background explanation , which it seems to me can usually be provided rather quickly . Although the first two examples that come to mind are ones in which I simply did n't speak the language being sung and danced to . \" Again , this demonstrates in part some of our cultural poverty , or distraction at least , but is far from an immutable fact . \" \" I do n't think we 're living in a culturally impoverished age . \" We certainly do n't in many ways . In other ways , we do . And similar types of such poverty may be found within class and across class in our society , in every class . Also , any class - ridden society , a society of great and unjustifiable inequality ( such as ours ) , suffers from a severe cultural impoverishment , in my view . A classless society can of course be culturally impoverished in a wide variety of ways too . \" We have a disconnect between the past and the present that 's probably going to look as significant as the disconnect between hunter / gatherer societies and farming societies a thousand years from now . When Shakespeare was a living part of popular culture , we did n't need to teach him . The rise of English literature as a field of study seems to be contemporary with the telephone . \" This is n't teaching . It 's distributing the wealth . Again , there are all sorts of cultural wealth that could be and I think should be much better distributed . \" I suspect that Richard Powers is more the cutting edge of the future than anything mentioned in the NY Times survey . And we have n't really digested Joyce yet . \" Joyce does n't seem that mysterious to me . In my early twenties I really appreciated Powers ' Goldbug Variations . Have n't read his work recently . While another Mendelssohn - like figure might have sprung up to champion Bach , that , ultimately , is not my point . I read Roberts as saying that there is something in the work itself that endears it to the audience , whose overswell of enjoyment makes it immortal ( I know this is a gross simplification , but I believe it captures the essence of the post ) . So I guess what I was trying to do ( and bumbling rather lovingly at it , it seems ) was to construct a counterfactual . Would Bach 's music , with the same intrinsic values ( forget how they 're measured , just that they 're there ) , when it is faced the same audience , but without a mediator on the level of of a Mendelssohn , still have reached the canon ? Because if it would n't have , then it there 's more to audience - survival in music than just adaptive traits . If Bach would have failed to reach the level of the greats without Mendelssohn , with the same music - traits and audience - environment , then what was going on was probably something other than evolution . At least with regards to the audience . I do think that was a bad choice of presumed \" environment , \" as logical as it might sound . Audiences take into account significantly more than just the musical traits of a piece when approving of it : Let It Bleed would have languished had it been from New England 's Own Bradford Street Blues Rockers . No one was looking for an album by the Bradford Street Blues Rockers , and an exposure to the same audience would have disappeared . I like your idea of the musicians as the environment , though . I think that might have some promise . And of course , to be fair , Stephen Jay Gould was mentioned upthread , in regards to his batting average analogy , which I believe is almost the wrong bit of work to cite for this thread . Of course , it was in readings of Gould that I got my antipathy toward non - biological uses of evolutionary theory . He was always vehemently opposed . Bill Benzon . While I would agree that , in plain language , \" the audience is a perfectly reasonable characterization of the environment for music , \" the point I think that was trying to be made ( sorry for the convolution . The idea was not mine first , and I would n't like to maul it too bad in the event I am wrong ) was that for the sake of an evolutionary model , musicians perform the role of the environment . I 'm not trying to kick the reader out of the room . Instead I 'm trying to see , if you could find an evolutionary model to closely fit historical trends , what shape it would take . I personally believe that evolutionary modelling of literary trends is more trouble than its results are worth , relative to other forms of study , and I thank you for the polite reminder of what an unmodelled world looks like . \" Are you saying you 've never picked a classic text out of some time period that you know nothing or next to nothing about , and you have n't been able to appreciate it ? This would seem bizarre to me ? What do I know about the era of the Epic of Gilgamesh ? Zero . And little or nothing of other ages and cultures from which I read and can appreciate great work - though not as fully no doubt as if I knew something , let alone a lot , about the particular culture and age . \" Unless you can read the original languages , what you 're reading is a modern take on a work of the past . I could be persuaded that translations are new works inspired by older works in other languages . Robert Silverberg 's Gilgamesh works point readers back to modern translations that are closer to the original language , but unless you 're reading the original language , you 're reading a relatively modern work inspired by the fragments . I suspect Borges would argue that even reading work in an original language is a translation for the modern reader . Classics covers a huge range of things . I met a T.V. executive once who said CBS was doing classics as they were adapting the Count of Monte Cristo . I do n't see , dunno , why the qualification \" for the sake of an evolutionary model \" should change anything . If it 's an evolutionary model of music , then I need something I can count , otherwise there 's no way to test the model against observations . Bach survives if there are performances of his music . So that 's what I want to count , performances . Audiences - or , if you will , the social group - determine whether or not there are performances . Of course , counting peformances is a tricky matter . There are definitional matters - does a rehearsal count as a performance ? what about listening to a recording ? -and there is the business of actually performing the count , which is a methodological one . It 's worth keeping in mind that in the simplest human societies - hunter - gatherers - there is no distinction between performer and audience . Some members of a band may be more skillful than anothers , but everyone sings and dances . Performances are done in groups . It takes a bit of social development to arrive at a situation where there is a meaningful distinction between performers and more or less passive audiences . I used fellow - musicians rather than audiences as judges just to show how the evaluation of musical units is different than saying which kind of ice cream is your favorite . A well - informed audience ( perhaps of amateur musicians ) would be just as good . I was pecking away at the idea that the first thing to do is ignore aethetic questions , one of the supports of which was the intuition \" Who is to say , really ? \" Performances are done in groups . It takes a bit of social development to arrive at a situation where there is a meaningful distinction between performers and more or less passive audiences . I 'd say classical music reached that point sometime before the time they put and upper limit on the number of people in a string quartet , popular music by the end of WWII . We can now move on , relatively safe in the assumption that no one is going to bound onstage to show Aretha how it 's done . A well - informed audience ( perhaps of amateur musicians ) would be just as good . Keep in mind that pianos were common in middle - class 19th century homes . And they were n't mere decoration . They were played . Music publishing was big business , and most of the music was sold to amateurs . I 'd say classical music reached that point sometime before the time they put and upper limit on the number of people in a string quartet , popular music by the end of WWII . The distinction between performers and passive audiences was well - established before classical music emerged . Now , many people in the audience of a professional performance would have been amateur musicians , but , for a given professional performance , they were passive . The listened to the music presented to them . Some for pop music . The distinction between performers and passive audiences was well - established before classical music emerged . I was being willfully conservative in my estimate . Your expansion of that conservative estimate of timeframe for passive listeners only bolsters my point : general audiences were increasingly made up of individuals who had no desire and often no capacity to approach music this way : . Late and later into the fray , and I apologize to all the commenters who may have already said what I 'm inadvertently repeating . To my : Bach did n't start the musical techniques of the Baroque , he finished them . He did n't chance upon them either , they were the technique he was born into . You respond : How is this relevant to what I 'm arguing ? I do n't disagree with what you say here , but whether Bach was the first musician to try a particular style , or whether he found that style by chance or not , has no bearing on the case I 'm making . It 's relevant because if the evidence you present that I know something about is not quite right , it makes the rest of the evidence seem not so credible either . And when too much of the evidence is not quite right ( but \" something sort of like that \" instead ) there is no argument . Then you ask In what ways does my argument misrepresent Darwin 's ideas ? Because Darwin 's theories are about survival of species , not individuals . What is the species ? The Goldberg Variations ? Bach 's catalog of works ? Baroque music ? And the theories are about survival of the species through evolution . What did The Goldberg Variations or the catalog of works or Baroque music in general evolve into ? If it is evolving into things , how does that relate to the central point about isolated pockets of genius ? What represents generations of the species , and what is the stuff that is the \" genetic material \" getting passed on from one generation to the next ? Evolution is about change : the finch beaks are changing to respond to the environment . But your model is about stasis : we are still listening to Bach 's music even now . Just because there is competition , does n't mean that evolution makes a good model . And for evolution to make a good model , you have to be a lot less glib about how the components of your model are analogous to Darwin 's . . . . . What is the species ? The Goldberg Variations ? Bach 's catalog of works ? Baroque music ? An interesting set of questions . One I 've considered a bit . But I 'd like to start with the cultural individual , as a cultural species is a collection of ( closely related ) cultural individuals . In Beethoven 's Anvil : Music in Mind and Culture I 've argued that performances are the individuals of musical culture . To be sure , performances are ephemeral , but then so are all biological individuals as well . Individuals are born - a performance begins - they last for some period of time , and then they die - the performance is over . What does it mean for a performance to reproduce ? Well , how likely is a given performance likely to inspire a repetition of the piece that was performed ? If the performance gave pleasure to the musicians and audience , then they 'll want to do it again . That 's reproduction . So , a good performance of \" The Goldberg Variations \" leads to another performance and so on . It might in fact be sufficient that a good performance of one Bach piece led to performances of other Bach pieces . If there are enough musicians , audience members , and performance occasions it really does n't matter that a performance of a given piece induces a desire to hear that exact piece again or simply a desire to hear more Bach . It 's not entirely clear to me just what a musical species would be . Obviously it 's going to be a population of closely related individuals - as a biological species is . But whether various performances of \" The Goldberg Variations \" are in the Bach species or the Baroque species , or possibly some other species , I do n't quite know . Perhaps here 's were some mathematical modeling would be useful , as would an account of the cultural correlate to the biological gene . I do suspect , however , that the boundaries between cultural species are likely to be more permeable that those between biological species ( something I touched on here ) . I think one interesting take upon the phenonmenon of German music dominating the \" greater Romantic era \" is the interpretation that Germans of the time themselves put upon it ( at least , by the time of the late nineteenth century ) . Generally , Germans of the time considered the German musical dominance as an integral part of German culture / civilivation / worldview . Germans would argue that German musical superiority was a result of German culture 's closer connection to the emotions or the Volk or Germanic tradition or nature , etc . This was in general contrasted to the \" French \" attachment to reason . I think this is actually true , but in a sort of convex way from how Germans argued it . Rather , it was not that German culture was somehow naturally more musical , but rather that German culture was the culture most penetrated by Romanticism . I.E. though other nations / cultures also were of course influenced by Romanticism , no culture was more influenced than German culture was . Thus , German culture produced the finest Romantic - era music , because the overall German culture was itself the most in tune with Romanticism generally . We can see this in comparing France versus Germany ( which were the two cultural axles of Europe throughout the period ) . Why was n't French Romantic music stronger ? Well , full - blown Romanticism simply did n't have the hold over France that it did over Germany . The kinds of criticism of Romanticism that Balzac or Baudelaire or Flaubert start having by the 1840s or before do n't appear in German literature with the same force until much later ( only in the 1880s and after ) . Also , while modern German culture is founded during the early Romantic era ( Goethe ) , French culture is significantly older . So , German culture was much more interpenetrated by Romanticism than many other European cultures were . Russia , whose culture was also very Romantic , had the second strongest musical culture . ( the Scandanavian countries also were heavily influenced by Romanticism , and had pretty good musical cultures for their sizes ) . Places where Romanticism had less impact - England or America - did n't have as good Romantic music . 1a . Classical music is the expression of European spirit . 2a . Nowhere is this found more intensely than in Germany ( and Italy , where a lot of great classical existed ) . 1b . The period of great classical music was a culmination of centuries of previous ideas . 2b . It required stability to mold it and future instability to launch it , and these were present in the most action oriented of nations , including Germany and Italy . . . : 3 . Germany was a cultural icebreaker for classical music . S.R.Prozak is right on the mark . Modern nihilistic cultural nominalism has purposely ignored the most culturally - formative component of all : the native Western Indo - European root and its Promethean - Faustian , superlatively creative spirit which produces geniuses like none other . No other civilizations have produced the like of Bach or Beethoven . Oswald Spengler stands vindicated against the modern hordes of reductionistic economists , Marxists , nominalists , Lysenkoists , nihilists and false sophisters . I think Germans are just good in this . "}
